subreddit,title_selftext
Bumble,"Weekly Profile Critique  

Please post any profile critique requests or advice posts in this thread."
Bumble,"When You Get Ghosted - But A Much Better Match Comes Along &amp;#x200B;

[End of message - sometimes good things fall apart so better things can come along.](https://preview.redd.it/ui246lu57mm61.jpg?width=300&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=1ca5c7031b4a9c4e48d1b68656667fcef165bb49)"
Bumble,"What's the biggest red flag you've seen in a profile? Just saw a profile that referenced 1 Timothy 2:9-15. That's right, the ""I do not allow a woman to teach or have authority over a man"" section."
Bumble,"How they do that? I matched with a girl on Bumble, 24YO F, 2 days before. We had a great chat on bumble and it was surreal, like too good to be true. We exchanged our instagram profiles and then when I stalked her, I saw her with a guy in many different romantic pictures of them together on IG, So restless me pinged her and I asked,"" Did you go through a breakup?"" 
She replied,""No I didn't, that guy is my boyfriend and we are very much patched up!!""
Then she says,""She's on bumble to look for some male best friends"".
Then I went to her profile and went to her boyfriend's id, luckily his profile was open, so I sent all the chat screenshots of bumble of her with me.

God know what's their status now!!"
Bumble,"A old bumble match approached me at the park I was at the dog park today. And a guy on the big dog side came up to the fence and called out my name. As i turned he began to say he recognized me and my dogs. Confused, I asked him who he was and what he was talking about. He said we use to talk on bumble😳. He said we both sent pics of our dogs and talked about how we both came to the same dog park. I eventually remembered the the convo about the dogs and remember i unmatched him. (I don’t remembered why though, sometimes i just clear out my matches when i decide to not use the app for a while) It was a little awkward but we had a decent conversation through the fence for about 40 minutes. I felt bad for unmatching him so I offered to give my number before i left which it seemed like a hesitation when he answered yea. He said i “surprised him offering my number”.. whatever that means? He hasn’t texted me still..
Ooooops."
Bumble,"Don't be shocked if you don't get the same energy on those hidden answer question things Today, a woman sent me one of those hidden answer questions as an opener asking ""what are you thinking about after 2 glasses of wine?"" 2 glasses is not a lot for me so I responded, ""I'm thinking about where the next bottle is"". Then I see her response, which is simply ""you"".

I laughed because we were clearly on different pages. I followed up with ""looks like we were on different wavelengths lol"". I checked later in the day to find that she unmatched me. Maybe she was slightly embarassed or just didn't have time for my drinking ass.

Anyway, just wanted to share an amusing story and say that those hidden answer things are not a great opener."
Bumble,"Difference between “ended the chat” and the conversation disappearing? I thought if someone unmatched you, their conversation gets pushed to the bottom and it says they’ve ended the chat. What explains a chat completely disappearing?

Is there a difference between them? Maybe Block and report -&gt; “I’m just not interested” disappears while regular unmatching leads to “ended the chat”?"
Bumble,"Reported For Telling Someone I Wasn't Interested In Going On A Date I was just told by a guy that he reported me because I told him I was no longer interested in going on a date. We began texting earlier in the week and some of his behavior started to make me feel uncomfortable and disinterested. For example, he sent multiple, back-to-back texts each day and would ask if something was wrong when I didn't respond promptly. I'm a full-time student and work part-time...""promptly"" responding to a person's text that I've never met before isn't my priority during the day. I'm also a very independent person and like having a bit of space. It bothered me to feel as though there was some type of expectation placed on me to respond within a certain timeframe and in a certain manner. Again, we had only been talking for about 4-5 days! So, I told him the other night that I was no longer interested in going on a date. He texted me today saying that he has reported me and hopes I get banned because I did not provide a sufficient enough explanation as to why I canceled the date. When I canceled, I said that he seemed like a nice guy but that I was simply not interested. He began to badger me for an explanation. I did not respond. I'm allowed to say no. I'm allowed to change my mind. And I'm under no obligation to provide an explanation (I could've just ghosted!). Anyway, the whole situation has me a bit unsettled. And, as an app that's for woman, how could he have even reported me for simply turning down a date?!"
Bumble,"Bumble Profile (Review) I need people to review my profile and tell me what I'm doing wrong and what I should change. I barley get any matches at all and I've had my profile since 2019. I can handle constructive criticism so please give me some real help here both male and females feel free to chime in

Profile for review: http://imgur.com/a/cq6XI43

Pictures for Review: http://imgur.com/a/Yt1MtCw"
Bumble,"Bug Reporting is Bugged! First off, props to Bumble for having such a smooth UI / user experience. Out of all the dating apps Bumble is the only one with perfect video calling capabilities from my experience.

However, when I go to Contact &amp; FAQ to report bugs, and report a technical issue, it asks for my message and email. When I use the email on my account, it says ""email already in system"" and does not allow me to send it. I suggest that Bumble fix this so that other bugs can be reported so that the app can be improved for everyone."
Bumble,"Venting - older guys (30+) who are looking for relationship liking my profile when nothing in our profile shows that we have common interests?!? Mid20s F - received a dozen of likes from mid 30s males who are above my league

Heck I thought people who are looking for relationship will pay more attention to reading the profile before swiping lolll esp when you are not in your 20s and looking for hookups

Well it seems like bored people are everywhere no matter what age, educated, put tgt they are"
Bumble,"Dating sites after covid-19 So once this pandemic is officially over, how do you expect it will effect dating sites like Bumble, Tinder, Hinge ect?

Do you think it will help or hinder this platforms?"
Bumble,"How do you actually get interest I matched a guy, took the risk. He matched too, i didn’t know. Then it timed out because I was really busy. His profile came up on my FB so I contacted him. He replied then I replied, then nothing... he’s just not that into me is he?"
Bumble,"Can Bumble be useful for me?  Hi. I'm a curious European guy 28 yo and I like mainly girls. But I  also want to try oral  sex giving with man of uncommon type - trusty,  polite and honest. How to find such guy in Europe?"
Bumble,"I was banned permanently for zero reason I’ve since stopped using this (IN MY OPINION) shit app because I never had much luck with it anyway but a couple months back I opened the app only to find myself logged out of my account, strange but whatever. I attempt to log back in and I’m greeted with a wonderful “you’ve been blocked” page that I can’t get around, no create new account buttons or appeal buttons or anything. No reason was given to me other than the generic “your account violated the rules”. After looking through the pictures I had on my account and rethinking my bio, I noticed nothing out of the ordinary, in fact I tend to use the same pictures and bio for all dating apps and this is the only one that’s permabanned me so far. Didn’t make any sense to me, but I thought I’d share my opinion on the matter, has this happened to anyone else?"
Bumble,"Guy I met on bumble called me a whore for hooking up with him Ok, so this happened about six months ago . I (27f) went on a ""coffee date"" with a guy (32m). We met  at a Starbucks, got coffee and then decided to go walk around the beach. It was a good time. He then  invited me back to his place. I agreed. Once we got to his place we watched a little bit of tv and then he offered me some wine. He then started talking about how the last girl he met on bumble, fucked up his mental health and self-esteem. He claimed she only used him for sex and she would constantly judge his body . He just kept talking and talking about her and I just let him talk because i thought he just needed to rant and let it all out. So i jus listened. He then said he was happy we met and how comfortable I made him feel. We ended up getting slightly drunk and we hooked up. He said I could sleep over and he could take me home the next day. Which I agreed.

However, the next day once i was at work, he sent me a text saying ""My mom thinks you're stunning"". I thought that was a HUGE red flag and I didn't even say anything. He then sent me another text message with just a ""?"". I replied with ""You told you're mom about me ? lol"", and he said ""I had a really good time and I hope I'll get to see you again"". I told him that I was possibly free on a certain day so we can maybe hang out. However once I got home from work he sent me this HUGE paragraph about me ""ignoring"" him . He then called me and he was FURIOUS because I had told him that I am not use to texting people throughout the day especially if they aren't friends that I've know or a while or family. He was like "" So we have an amazing day yesterday, I open up to you and I tell you all these things about me , we have great sex and you're just not going to text me?""  He was talking to me as if I was in a relationship with him and how I was expected to text him whenever he texted me. It was fucking SCARY the way he blew up on me. After he was done yelling at me I calmly said "" Look, I had a good time yesterday but i don't think is going to work- "". He then cuts me off and says "" I cannot believe I spent my day on you, you FUCKING BITCH"".

He then hangs up on me and then proceeds to send me a shit ton on text messages calling me a WHORE for sleeping with him when it was HIM who INITIATED IT. He literally called me every name on the fucking book and it was all because I wasn't texting him throughout the day ??? I have met so many great people on bumble and some of the guys I've met, I have remained good friends with so this was the FIRST time I had ever come across someone like this. This is actually a huge lesson learned and I will be extremely careful about whom I choose to meet in person from now on."
Bumble,"Anyone else tired of being a “dancing monkey” Basically I’ll (31M) match with a girl, and receive a message of “hey” or “hello” or “hi” or some other low effort reply. There immediately seems to be this instant vibe of “entertain me or I’ll ghost/unmatch you” and if you aren’t constantly making jokes or spurring on the conversation, she gets bored and moves on. This has happened to me several times. I ask interesting questions that aren’t personal, I have a good amount of dad jokes that couldn’t possibly offend anyone. 

Meanwhile “she” hasn’t cracked a single joke, most responses are “lol” and “yup” and her profile is devoid of anything mildly interesting. 

Does this happen to anyone else?"
Bumble,"How long have you had bumble till a girlfriend comes along? I’m wondering how long does it take for an average looking man to get a girlfriend exclusively on bumble.

Does it take about a month from when you download or does it take about a year until you get lucky?

Or you haven’t had any luck at all?

(I’m asking mostly men what’s the average time you spend on bumble before getting into an exclusive relationship)

Edit: I am a woman, I’m just curious about the average time it takes for men to get into a relationship from downloading.

It usually takes me about 2-3 months on average from when I download."
Bumble,"People on this app are weird I matched with this girl, first message to me was “Nice to meet ya, wanna grab a drink?” - granted that’s kinda peculiar for out the gate but the person had a verified profile so I go with it. I respond with simply “yea, sure”, about a couple hours go by, I get back on the app and see she has unmatched me. Is there something I’m missing lol? I can’t imagine they thought I was another person. I’m not even upset, I’m just confused lol."
Bumble,"Do emoji reactions make any difference? I'm not typically an emoji guy, but occasionally use them with certain people (mainly my friends who are girls). 

If I react with an emoji on some part of a woman's profile, does it work any better (or worse) than simply liking a profile?"
Bumble,Bumble Boost Settlement Just fyi fellow bumble people if any other of you were involved in the bumble boost settlement class action suit it looks like checks have been distributed finally. I paid for boost for a while so maybe I’ll take myself out for a steak 🥩 👍
Bumble,Need Advice Hey guys! 19M here. So I’m about to FaceTime this girl I met online soon. We’ve been talking for a week already but I’m worried about making a bad impression over the FaceTime. I’ve never really made it past this part before so any tips to make sure that she’ll still want to go on a date with me next week during Spring Break?
Bumble,"Why you should not use Bumble to look for a serious relationship. As a publicly traded company they are only interested in taking advantage of the customer. Despite the fact that women make the first move the real customer and revenue generators are men. Men are primarily paying for memberships and boosts. Men are swiping way more then women, men are far more likely to get ghosted and men are far more likely to leave the platform without finding someone.  Overtime the algorithm forces you to pay money or remake your account because they will throw you to the back of the list. 

Another observation I have found is that due to its use of instagram integration it tends to attract a certain kind of person. Instagram has been known to have negative psychological effects on people who use it. That definitely carries over into a relationship. You may feel like Bumble feels like tinder lite. That’s because it is. On serious dating apps you rarely see people fishing for followers on social media. 

TLDR Bumble wants to keep you single as long as possible to generate money from you. Stop using it."
Bumble,"Is it ethical to delete your profile and put up a significantly better one in its place? So like most guys here, I am having very minimal success with this app.  I exhausted all the profiles that fit the filters I set and the app is only showing me profiles at the outer limits of my age range and very far from where I live.

A big problem (though not the only one) I think is my profile.  I think I did a bad job and I want to write a better one.

I see a lot of people talking about how shitty it is that a lot of guys just delete the app and put up the exact same profile to get the free boost—and I agree!  My question is, do you feel it’s similarly unethical to delete your profile, put up a better one, and see if any of the users who passed on your shitty profile would be more interested if they saw a profile with better pictures and better written prompts?  To the women on here specifically, if you saw someone come up that you had swiped left on before with a different profile, would you feel like they were trying to trick you?"
Bumble,Setting up dates too fast? Downloaded the app on Sunday and I've gotten a few matches and a few #'s. I usually get the number after 4-5 messages and ask them out immediately via text. I've set up a few dates but I feel like all these girls are gonna flake because I asked them out too quickly. Should I be going more slowly? If they agree to give out their # and agree on a date surely that's a good sign?
Bumble,"Why would someone continuously delete and re-create their profile??? I matched with this guy about a year ago on Bumble, we chatted for a little and he tossed out getting drinks and then unmatched with me. I barely knew him and had talked for maybe 2 days so I didn't think anything of it. Then over the next few days I would routinely see him on the app, we would match (I honestly swiped right mainly out of curiosity) and then he would quickly unmatch with me. 

Fast forward to present day 1 year later, and we match AGAIN and start chatting a bit (not sure if he remembered me), and a few days later he deletes his account. I then see his new profile pop up in my feed again but decide against swiping right because it's just a bit weird at this point. 

I'm asking out of my own curiosity but why would someone continuously delete and make new profiles?"
Bumble,Question for my fellow physically sub-average brothers How is your life in dating apps going? Got any dates or matches? Do you think your personality outshines your looks and that it matters the most? As an ugly short 30 year old man who never had a date from dating apps and been using them for many years I am generally curious.
Bumble,"I don’t see a future of a relationship...after one week Met this guy on bumble and we had a super fun first date. Set up the second one and talked in between. Literally we would laugh so hard together, have deep conversations. But he did express being super attracted to me. He said he had hoped I’d invite him up to my place the first date but I didn’t. 

That’s when I told him I was interested in taking things slow and building a foundation. He seemed understanding. 

Second date he lives in a different city and offered me to sleep over. again made it clear nothing sexual. We had so much fun and like laughed until we were both choking. Of course we made out and he pushed things to progress a little (like would grab a boob) but would back off when I pulled away. 

In the morning he hugged me and turned to the mirror and said “we are so cute together.” He was comforting when I was nervous about my vaccine. 

Then a few hours later says,
“I always have fun with you but don’t see a future” etc etc “I dont wanna lead you on” he says it feels like a friend vibe then asks how I feel about it and leaves me on read -_- 

I’m so confused yall and have no idea what I did wrong. 

Why is everyone seeking immediate chemistry? We talked maybe two weeks and it was fun why can’t we just chill and see what happens. I thought that’s how you built a relationship? as friends first? So many guys just cut things off after one or two dates. I try not to think the worst but it really feels like he was just trying to get laid."
Bumble,"What is a good way to describe 'humility' I've been often told that one of my best qualities as a guy is that I am humble, but I feel like humble people don't go around telling everyone they are humble.  Also I don't want to project that I can be taken advantage of or that I'm spineless, because I'm not and that might be off-puting.

I'm looking to change the I'm great 1+ prompt from ""Because I can show humility"" to something that is more understated?"
Bumble,"How do you prefer to meet people? I'm trying to get funding for a new dating app and would love if you could answer this short poll! Thank you so much!!!

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/m36pjb)"
Bumble,"I think my issue is being 18? To provide some simple context, I get very few matches aside from the occasional friend I haven’t heard from in a while.

After speaking to a few women at my university about who they date etc, I’ve found that most women prefer older men. But on dating apps the minimum age to join is 18; so how can an 18 year old man find someone who’s up for a relationship or something along those lines when I can only find women my age? Should I just wait until I’m older?"
Bumble,"Did he ghost or is he waiting for me to text him? TLDR: He asked to reschedule our second meetup because he was hung over Sunday. All I replied back with was okay and I haven't heard from him since. Today is Wednesday.

I matched with this guy and we hit it off. He kept on casually asking me out in the app then he finally was more straight forward and asked if I wanted to do something the following week. The next day he asked if I actually wanted to grab a drink the upcoming weekend. We met he was actually really great. He casually mentioned us doing something together the following Sunday. Then when he walked me back to my car he asked if I wanted to go on a real date sometime and to text him. 

Texted him the following day to thank him for the fun day and if he wanted to do something again I would be down. He texted back that also enjoyed getting drinks and asked if I wanted to go to a place we were talking about. We texted then Monday night was the last I heard from him. Thursday evening he texts back and apologizes as he is a horrible texter. Thursday to Sunday we have a good text flow and convo and we confirm our Sunday plans. 

Sunday morning he asks to push back our time an hour later because he stayed up late with his friends. I'm fine with it because I also stayed up late and was tired from the previous night. We text a bit before we both end up taking a nap. I text him 15 mins before the new time and he texts back that he just woke up and was struggling and said we might have to reschedule. I replied back with ""okay"" and I haven't heard from him since. It is now Wednesday.

Was I too harsh with just sending the okay? Or is he maybe no longer interested? Or is he just a crappy texter? I know he said his birthday was coming up so he could be distracted by that?"
Bumble,Do email notifications still come from inactive accounts saying “you’re causing quite the buzz”? My boyfriend and I have been together roughly a year and I found an email from bumble that says “you’re profile has been causing quite the buzz” with girls that have liked his profile. Does this mean he has been active on the app?
Bumble,"Why do girls do this? I recently matched with this cute girl and as Bumbles  ways the girls have to message first so I waited and nothing she let the time expire, why even bother swiping right if you are just not going to message and let it die down. I have Bumble boost and was thinking about extending the match but I don't know if I should because she didn't even bother message me to start a conversation the first go around what's stopping her from not messaging me a second time"
Bumble,"What Year Did All American Women Become Bots? Hi, I'm a historian doing a paper on modern American history. Based on my research on Bumble, it seems at some point in the recent past all American women became bots asking to add you on Snap and Instagram or Only Fans. Could someone please provide me with some good data about when this happened and what company turned all girls into robots?"
Bumble,"We agreed to meet next week. How to keep the energy? I (50M) set up a couple dates (outdoor brewery and a walk) after a few days of messaging. I'd prefer to schedule within 2-3 days of asking to meet. Unfortunately, my schedule is packed right now, so had to schedule them a week away. 

I want to keep up the momentum in the interim but am not sure whether it is more common to keep up daily exchanges or pull back a bit until the date.

What say you, hive minds?


Edits: for clarity."
Bumble,"Does Bumble have fake accounts? I noticed some of the accounts aren't verified, and a lot of the women look like models. That seems very hard to believe compared to other dating sites. Is it possible Bumble just has fake accounts to draw in men and new sign ups?"
Bumble,Are fake profiles an issue on Bumble? I’m brand spanking new to bumble and not sure if it’s just the thing to say but I’ve been bombarded with what seems to be the same bios in most men’s profile. Is this normal or are they fake profiles?
Bumble,"Funny line or thoughtful question? Hey guys, after months of bad luck and poor matches on Tinder, I’ve found a match that I’m actually super stoked about, but I can’t decide on what to say...

“I’m not usually one for cheesy pickup lines, but 🛻 🧀 🛻 🧀 🛻 🧀”

or

“What’s your favorite place you’ve been and top place you’d like to visit once covid’s behind us?”

If I open with the first one, I can always follow up with the second, but not vice-versa... but if she’s not a fan of the first one then that doesn’t even matter ://

Which do you guys think is best?"
Bumble,"Question about filters and likes I've used bumble on and off for a while now and recently reinstalled it after a pretty long break. When I opened the app back up it showed my previous matches I hadn't unmatched with and 0 likes. Redid my profile got it all pretty and got to 60+ likes in a day. Went through and did my swiping and I'm on a pretty long streak with no downward change in likes or 'you've missed a potential match' messages in a while.

I have pretty limited filters in terms of age and distance as I'm a college student and not really looking to date anyone out of that world. Bumble has a nasty habit of showing profiles to people out of their own filters and building up likes that will likely never come to fruition, but why would bumble prioritize showing my profile to people extensively out of my filters to in it? 

I'm a 21M in college and I don't know where demand for that would be other than from 18 to 22 F also in college. 

Is there something going on or just bad luck?"
Bumble,"Man looking for PLATONIC female friends, Is bumble a good idea? I get on much better with women than men as friends, and I thought Id ask if I would be branded a heretic if I tried using bumble for this? 

I would have liked to use bumble BFF so that no-one is getting the wrong idea, but then I discovered that the BFF mode only works for same sex relationships. Ive read that guys have changed their profile gender to female to access the girls BFF page but that just seems dishonest. 

So would plastering my profile with “Platonic friends only” while In the dating area be badly received? 

Genuinely looking for feedback. 

(Mid 20s 100% not interested in dating/relationship)"
Bumble,"Anyone sick of seeing couples? Congrats on being in an open minded relationship, but no, I don't want to be your ""unicorn"" because you're bored.

Especially those that are really sneaky about it - I've matched with a few men who were only looking for a third but only after I spoke with them for a bit.

Let me enjoy my desire to be in a monogamous relationship 🤣"
Bumble,"I find that weed is a big deal breaker for me If a dude says that he never smokes weed, it doesn’t matter if he’s gorgeous lol, I don’t think we can hang.

It doesn’t matter if he’s fine with me smoking a lot but I would feel burdened by doing it in their presence. Just me?"
Bumble,"I deleted bumble 🙃 I’m a 21F, I’m attractive, outgoing, flirty, but I get a lot of guys who change their motive to fucking quite quickly.

I deleted bumble, it’s full of guys looking for one nights stands, hookups, nsa, fwb. I got tired, it’s really hard to finds guys who are looking to build a long term relationship and can respect that I’m not jumping into bed with them anytime soon. I saw the app “Upward” &amp; “Christian Mingle”, I’m wondering if I’d have better luck there finding a guy who’s emotionally available, looking for a long term relationship.

I think guys get extremely cocky when I show genuine interest and that’s when they kinda get lazy, I just want to figure out, is it me, or are they just low quality men."
Bumble,"My experiment of creating a new page every 3-4 weeks . Is this the new cheat? Did I break the system? . 

Basically I created a new profile every 3-4 weeks and used the same pictures unless something I had was better . You get the initial spotlight everytime and that helps for the first two weeks . Girls I would swipe left on would re appear of course , matches etc..now ive only done this twice but my matches and likes skyrocketed, I also sub for premium the second time around . Ive been on 6 dates in the last two months and have matched with 30 women , this is not to brag but to show my fellow apes here that we can break the system and code . These apps are not for us, they are for girls. You could also argue the opposite but uh the science doesn’t lie . Im going to continue doing this until I find my girl , the one , specially lady etc . Fellas I suggest you do the same and each time change up your bio just a little bit!"
Bumble,"Someone matched with me today just to compliment my profile. After I thanked them and returned the compliment, they unmatched me. Does this happen often? And yes, I was genuinely excited about the match..."
Bumble,"Wanting some closure I (23F) am new to Bumble and I've swiped with this guy (26M) who seems like an interesting and fun person. Our texting were really enjoyable and playful. He seemed genuinely interested in me too. 

But about a few days into texting, he started texting slower and infrequently. I've asked him if he's not feeling it and he said  not to take it personally and he needs rnr and had barely touched his phone. He mentioned he had a busy weekend due to work eventhough he was messaging very infrequently way before I've asked him. Not sure if I had admitted too early that I'm interested in him. Also didn't double message him to not seem needy lol (I know I seem like that) 

He stopped messaging today 🙃🙂. Should I check in or just move on?"
Bumble,Why is it so dry? The conversations are absolutely dry and lacking any effort.. It seems like my time on the app is just pointless as people are constantly barely putting even a gram of effort.; Why be on the app and say you're looking for something if you don't even bother to try.
Bumble,"Where do I take someone on a date Help, shockingly, someone (F) is finally interested in meeting me (M) in person off of bumble. 

But what the what am I supposed to do. What kind of covid date am I supposed to go on with a person I have never met? 

The only thing I can think of is coffee, but then where do I go to drink it? It's freezing outside. 

Can't ask to go on a walk because that's a weird first date with a complete stranger."
Bumble,"Photo order error I'm trying to move around the order and keep getting the fucking error that the first photo must clearly show my face. All of them show my face...

Any way to override this shit?"
Bumble,"Photos with Opposite Gender I know from a woman’s perspective it’s not great to see pics with other girls on a guys profile, but is this the same for men? Do you dislike seeing a photo with another guy on a girls account if it’s clear they are just friends?"
Bumble,"Question, female input preferred Hello!  Male, 30 here, looking for a long term relationship.  I've been getting ""ghosted"" quite a bit lately, and there appears to be a common denominator for the timing.  

One question I always ask is ""what are you looking for on ""Bumble?""  I usually ask within the first 10 exchanges at the most, but never within the first 2.
For some reason, I often never get an answer and the conversation dies.  If I do get an answer, that usually ends up being the end of the conversation and I get ghosted or unmatched.

So my question is, is this too forward of a question?  Does it come off too aggressive?  Am I asking too early?  Or is the timing just coincidental?  I'm a man seeking a woman, so I prefer a woman's POV on this.

Thank you for any input, and best of luck with online dating!"
Bumble,Bumble premium not on Android?? It seems I can only get boost for my android
Bumble,"Snapchat When a match and you decide to move off the app but they’re more comfortable using snapchat, what do you guys do? Is it common to send snaps (selfies, etc) to someone you’re getting to know before a date, or do you just stick to chat within snapchat?"
Bumble,"What do you do when you see a past match on your feed? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/m1oddp)"
Bumble,"Online Dating Apps - My Favorites Over the years I've used most of the major dating apps and websites out there, so I wanted to share my thoughts on them, and my favorite one. If you have any others that you like to use, please let me know. I would love to try them and share my experiences in a future post!

&amp;#x200B;

First off, the big ones:

&amp;#x200B;

**OK Cupid**

[https://www.okcupid.com/](https://www.okcupid.com/)

One of the first ones to openly advertise. OK Cupid was great for its time, but eventually fell to more app focused platforms. They made you provide a lot of information like work and education experience that I think turned a lot of people off. After the rise of the apps, it became a lot less popular among the younger crowd. Never had much success on OK Cupid myself, but if you're older than college age, it might be worth your time. Expect to find people looking for a long term relationship here rather than a hookup.

&amp;#x200B;

**Tinder**

[https://tinder.com/en](https://tinder.com/en)

Tinder was the first big one on the scene (in the app world at least) and still remains strong. It has a simple UI, and was picture focused with a short profile. Tinder was EXCELLENT for what it was. It was extremely popular among young people and on college campuses. Eventually Tinder introduced pay to swipe, which did kill a lot of users off. Even with pay to swipe (after 50 or so swipes with a cooldown?) Tinder still remains a top option. I had tons of success here. You can find anything from long term relationships to straight up hookups on Tinder. The key is to have a variety of pictures, and a simple profile. Focus on something interesting that will just get you the swipe. Nobody cares about your graduation pictures. They might however, care about you climbing a mountain or scuba diving. Be interesting! I still highly recommend Tinder, even with its annoying paid features.

&amp;#x200B;

**Bumble**

[https://bumble.com/](https://bumble.com/)

Bumble brought a unique change to online dating, in that women have to make the first message. While the idea was great, in practice it makes for a dead dating app. Telling half (over half, in the dating app world) of the population they can't make the first message is a recipe for disaster. I would not recommend Bumble as a priority. If you're bored set it up, but don't expect much from it.

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

Now the ""newer"" ones, or the ones that don't get talked about as often:

&amp;#x200B;

**Hinge**

[https://hinge.co/](https://hinge.co/)

Hinge has slowly become my new favorite. Hinge focuses on injecting interesting things into the dating app process. For example, having a built in feature for asking and answering questions for your potential matches. Like, ""if you had a million dollars what would you do"" kind of things. This leads to discussion, and usually dumb jokes that break the ice. On top of that, Hinge includes a little more personal information than Tinder, which can be used to weeding out potnetial matches. Simple things like smoke/drink, education, etc. I highly recommend Hinge. I believe at this time it's better than Tinder.

&amp;#x200B;

**Plenty of Fish**

[https://www.pof.com/](https://www.pof.com/)

PoF has a similar story to OK Cupid. Started as a top player in the online dating scene, but fell behind once the ""app"" platforms rose up. It's still decent, but I worry that a lot of the user base has moved to the apps. It doesn't have nearly as much engagement as it used to. Expect more ""long term relationship"" seekers here, and an older crowd. I still recommend it, but not for the college aged people.

&amp;#x200B;

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

&amp;#x200B;

In closing, if you're new to online dating I recommend Tinder and Hinge for starters, especially if you're under age 35. The more platforms you use, the more success you will have. Be patient, and don't expect results right away. And of course, don't be afraid to switch up your profile info and pictures. You never know what's going to be a success!"
Bumble,"Travel Mode Hi guys i have a question. If u swiped right on someone , and then change cities/countries will u still show up in their feed to match with ?"
Bumble,"What would be your best opening line? Usually my opener has something to do with what the bio says but in this case he has only put several photos, what could I do to avoid putting the typical ""HELLO""."
Bumble,"Can not finish profile Bumble keeps asking me to finish my profile, it's on 85% after filling out everything but instagram cause I don't have that. Is this normal, am I supposed to fill in every little detail, 6 pics etc?"
Bumble,"Top 3 Instant nopes ◀️ A. Photos wearing a mask

B. Not invested in $GME 💎🙌🚀🌛

C. *See A* 

Please just stop✋🛑

(Leave your top 3 below!) 

👍"
Bumble,(21m) 6 or 7 matches but only one message I’m just a little annoyed that people will match but then not send a message. I kind of assume some women don’t know how to message first but almost all of them just leaving time to run out kind of hurts. anyway boost my self esteem by telling me i’m cute 💕
Bumble,"What's with the flakes on Bumble? 99% of who I match with, if it even happens, unmatches me after we match or I will message them and they say nothing. I haven't seen this with any other dating app before. What gives?"
Bumble,"I received a number of notifications lately saying I got a like, then I didn’t see anything. How and Why? I am a bumble premium member. When I got a notification that someone liked me, and it turns out that it’s false alarm. I’m not sure it app trickery or someone unmatched me right away. Who is responsible? How is this possible? and why?"
Bumble,"Ambush Message - ?!? Out of town a couple of days. Got a message from someone I've never seen or matched.  
Since when can someone message you without matching?
Total ambush. Is this a woman's pay - perk or something?
No, I did not reply...total random unsolicited stranger."
Bumble,"Does anyone think online dating is kinda exhausting and boring? So I have been on and off bumble like 3-4 times. But everytime I get back on it, I am exhausted or bored with it with in a few days. Max a week. I have never been in a serious relationship. But I do have a little experience in dates, guys and stuff. I am 21. But sometimes I feel the peer pressure to find myself a date and be in a relationship that I go online. But then there..it gets exhausting. And idk if people feel that way or is it just me being old school 🤷🏻‍♀️

PS: Thankyou guys for so many up votes. I didn't think this reddit would blow up like this. I know now that I am not alone. Alot of people feel like me and its kinda comforting :)"
Bumble,"3 immediate unmatches in the last 4 daya I am getting so frustrated with this app. I think I have an engaging profile, and I'm cute enough. But this week I have gotten three notifications that I have a ""new bee in the hive!"" but when I go to send the message, the match is no longer there. 

It's a real blow to my self esteem every time. Anyone else dealing with this?"
Bumble,I feel like you should get a refund When you use spotlight and get one like from someone 40 miles away 😔
Bumble,"So many people online dating and are Materialistic. It makes me sick. I’m going straight to the point. Why do most people want to judge the fact I look like this or that? If we know what someone can offer, that’s what should matter right? Clearly not to many people."
Bumble,"Date Ideas in Covid? So what great date ideas have you had during Covid - other than Netflix &amp; Chill?

Dinner/Drinks

Ax Throwing

Climbing Adventures"
Bumble,Bumble notifications on boyfriends phone? Boyfriend and I have been dating for 14 months.  A month into the relationship we both agreed to be exclusive and agreed to delete our profiles and apps.  I actually did.  Today I saw a Bumble push notification come up on his phone- it popped up from the locked phone screen and said “Mandy sent you a message”.  I just about fell over.  He denies having an account or the app.  He’s telling me I’m crazy.  But the logical me knows that it is impossible to receive push notifications without an app or an account.  It’s been a long time since I’ve used the app.  Is it possible to get a push notification without the app?   Somebody shoot straight with me.
Bumble,"Should I delete my Bumble profile and make a new one? I've heard the myths that starting all over again would give me a ""clean slate"" per se, but idk if that's actually legitimate. 

I've had my account since early November and I've only been swiped right on 6 times, 3 of which were from when I activated my free spotlight when I started the account. For context, I'm 20, male, and from new jersey, 30 miles south of staten island. I don't live in a rural area. 

What should I do?"
Bumble,"If I change location on Premium, will I lose my existing matches? I am moving across the country in a few months and got a week of premium to see what the scene is like in my future area. I have several matches and have started some conversations. If I change locations again, will those matches stay or will I lose them? I still have one in there from where I live now, so I think they'll stay, but I'm nervous lol."
Bumble,"Help deleting Hi ya'll.  I started paying the (I think) $22 a month back just before the pandemic  started.  I decided since I am auto-immune compromised and I really wasn't interested in where it eventually was leading to, video dating. So I emailed them, since it is impossible to delete from the app.  I have pretty much put it in the back of my mind except for the time or two it comes to mind when it is drafted out of my bank account.

Could anybody here tell me how to effectively cancel this?"
Bumble,"A possible reason why men don't message back Was thinking why women say men don't message back after matching them, and I think it may be because the guy swiped right on them weeks if not months ago and no longer on the app.  As given how many guys will swipe right on every profile that means women in general get a backlog of men to go through.  Men will get upset over no matches and simply delete the app without deleting their profile.  In turn women will then swipe on one of these men and never hear from them."
Bumble,Can some men who are getting moderate results post their profile so we can see what IS working? I’m curious about what is working for most people and it would be really helpful seeing some examples.
Bumble,"Are the guys actually real? So I've got a ton of matches locally. I've said hi to probably 40 with more than just a ""hey"" or ""hi"". Usually I say hi and ask about something they said in their profile or about a picture.

I've had like 2 responses. Is that pretty normal for this app?"
Bumble,"Is Bumble the worst of the dating apps? I’m a 24 year old guy, and I’ve been using tinder, bumble, and hinge for several years now. I’ve had by far the worst experience with bumble. Back when I first started swiping, I thought the discrepancy was a just a coincidence, but now that I've put many, many hours worth of swiping into all the apps over several years, I’ve noticed the a few major issues with bumble.

# Number and Quality of Matches

I get *way* less matches on bumble than any other app. I get the most matches (by a lot) on hinge, followed at some distance by tinder, and then at a much greater distance by bumble.

The quality of the matches is noticeable too - hinge I get quite I few people I am excited to get to know better, tinder I get a few here and there. I’m hard pressed to think of a *single time* I’ve gotten a bumble match that made me open my phone and get really excited. And I don’t think this is due to the types of people on the app. I see plenty of people on bumble who I’m excited to swipe right on, but for whatever reason, I *never* match with them on bumble, whereas I frequently do on hinge, and occasionally do on tinder.

The quality of conversations is much lower for me on bumble too. I’ve found my matches much more frequently drop the convo almost immediately, or let it expire without saying anything. It’s possible that this could be partially my fault - as I said earlier, I tend to be less into the matches I get on bumble, so I might not be putting the same effort in - but the dropped conversations happen often and almost immediately, so I tend to think that’s not it.

# App Functionality

Bumble’s functionality seems way worse to me than other dating apps.

1. Swiping right or left is *much* more slippery on bumble than on other apps. I accidentally swipe left on people all the time in the process of scrolling down through their profile. I wonder sometimes if this is a trick to make me try to pay for the ability to go back? Perhaps, and I have payed for it a few times, but since paying has never fixed the above issues with getting so few matches, I’ve always stopped the subscription quickly.
2. The 24 hour expiration is unrealistic. Don’t get me wrong, I get the idea - I hate it when I match with someone and they take two weeks to respond. But life is busy sometimes! There’s been people on tinder and hinge with whom I’ve gone on dates after starting a conversation some three or four days after we matched.
3. I get the sense that some profiles, and maybe even matches, might be hidden? Not sure about this, but I’ve noticed in the past that I run out of profiles to swipe through sometimes, then see more if I pay for a subscription. Could be a coincidence, but seems suspicious.

# Anyone disagree?

I’m open to the possibility that there’s something I’m just not doing right for this app! If you think so, please let me know, because I’d love to fix it!

I’ve also wondered if age differences matter here. As I’ve transitioned from early to mid-twenties, tinder has gotten worse for me, and hinge has gotten better. Maybe bumble is better for people in their late twenties? I haven’t actually seen any evidence of this, but it’s a possibility.

# The one thing I like about bumble

The aesthetic. Hinge and tinder work way better for me, but bumble just looks nice. Something about the full screen pictures and bright colors is pleasing to the eye, ya feel?

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So there it is! While I still use bumble (I like to have all my options on the table), I’ve come to think of it as a back-up to tinder and hinge, given how poor it’s performance has been for me.

If you haven’t had the best time with bumble, I highly recommend hinge - I’ve had lots of good quality dates and several lasting relationship-type of things from it (nothing *super* long term because I’ve moved around a lot in the past few years - one of the reasons I use dating apps so much!). Tinder is a distant second, but still gave me many more quality matches than bumble, especially back when I was 21/22."
Bumble,"Replies Maybe I'm just paranoid, but the one-word messages and responses feels like Bumble uses a rudimentary AI chatbot to message people, so they will stay with the app. Any thoughts?"
Bumble,"My opinion but this app is trash. Most of women’s profiles I’ve seen have little to no info, fake accounts, or just trying to get Instagram followers."
Bumble,"Can’t tell if this is same old or bizarre This is probably a dead horse, but I matched with 8 women this weekend and yet not a single one of them messaged.  I understand when it happens once or twice, but I am genuinely confused as to why/how i would have matched but received no message that many times?

For context, these are all active accounts as I was only recently in the area, and most of them matched after I had swiped earlier.  They were also all real, maintained accounts as well.

Is this normal/just how it is on Bumble, or is this a bizarre occurrence? It really confused me, and now I feel like I’ve got to ask.  I doubt that many people in a row would all be doing it simply for an ego boost."
Bumble,"Some questions for everyone here in their late 30s/early 40s 38F here. Downloaded the app again yesterday. Have gotten around 50 likes supposedly, but have only matched with 5 men. Out of those 5 men, only two have responded. The one unmatched me, the other well...crickets. Nothing.

I try to be engaging, try to message them with something other than a ""hey"". 
Are men my age looking for someone younger? Why are they matching with me if they won't talk? 

I think that I'm in decent shape for my age? My pic is in my profile in case anyone is wondering. What is going on? Are the ""likes"" just bots?"
Bumble,Pedal Boat First Date Hey Yall. I'm a guy here and the girl agreed to go pedal boat with me. I have two options. I can go pedal boat at night or during the day. The prices are the same but I don't know which to choose. Which is going to be sweeter for a first date?
Bumble,"Has anyone bought a lifetime subscription? I live in nyc , was wondering if its worth it"
Bumble,Dry conversations??? All of my convos have been so dry and most guys just say “what are you up to” or “wyd” or “what are you doing tonight”....does this mean they’re not actually interested in dating me and getting to know me or am I reading too much into it
Bumble,"How much of a compliment is a Match Extend? Guys who send match extends, what determines when you will send one? Is it for girls you are actually interested in or do you give them out pretty freely?"
Bumble,"No text box and Profile picture dissapeared Hello,
I have had trouble in the app, i was having a conversation with someone and i can no longer send any messages. I still have his profile on my matches but with a blank profile picture"
Bumble,"Does the GPS feature only update when you actively use the app? If you have the app running in the background but don't necessarily use it, does a GPS feature update?

Edited to add that I have noticed that the app will say for example 3 miles away when in fact the person is standing in my home so it should read 0 miles or something similar. Why would it read 3 miles if the person is right in front of me?"
Bumble,Match Distance issues? For some reason im seeing more likes when i decrease the max distance. Is this a bug or actually how bumble works?(/:why is increasing show less?)
Bumble,"Been talking to a match for about three weeks and we might actually meet today. Feeling super nervous Not much really to follow up with here, other than I hope it goes well and he doesn’t hate me and that he doesn’t think I’m disgusting, haha. Yikes.

Edit: he bailed. So nevermind 🙃"
Bumble,"I deleted bumble, when should I redownload I deleted bumble, I went through the people, and didn’t really click with anyone. Last time I deleted then redownloaded, it was over a span of 7-8 months and there was a complete set of new people. I’m wondering what would be the *minimal* time to redownload, 1 or 2 months?

It’s been about two weeks, and I before I create a new account, I want to give it enough time so I’m not going through 80% of the same people.

I’m gonna take new pictures for a new profile, go to the gym everyday, read in the meantime and enjoy myself for now :)"
Bumble,"Next Steps So I’ve been talking to this guy on Bumble for about a week now. I’d like to think we hit it off because we’re still talking to each and we talk everyday. He was also interested enough in watching a show I recommended and he also sent some food over to my place. My only concern is until now we’re talking in the app and I want to take it somewhere else. I don’t want to initiate it though or I’m too shy to do it. It’s also weird because for him to send the food over, I gave him my number as well and I’m wondering why he hasn’t reached out to me via text. So is this guy really interested or what? And what advice do you guys have to take this further?"
Bumble,"New to app - Profile icon turned pink and blinking? Recently joined and the person/profile icon on the lower left went from grey to pink and radiating after some swiping. Didn’t purchase or change anything, not sure what this means. Any thoughts?"
Bumble,"App won’t load... even after reinstalling it... Anyone else unable to even open the app?

Strangest of all is how my hinge conversations were all wiped out and my tinder matches are just blank placeholders that aren’t loading.

Yet my internet is working fine and I can play YouTube videos so it’s not an issue with the connection or bandwidth.

It honestly feels a bit like a sign I should get my ass off dating apps once and for all 🤔"
Bumble,"Bumble is a non starter I am a man interested in women and Bumble has me as a women looking for women and keeps showing me guys. 

When I attempt to change my gender it says I have to contact support.

When I attempt to contact support it says my email address is not accurate. It is."
Bumble,Opinion on girls with braces? Just curious what guy’s think of dating a girl who has braces 🤔
Bumble,How to be ok with dating apps? I’ve been on and off bumble for like 2 years now and I’ve never had any success because I think it’s so embarrassing. I always get slightly drunk and then recreate my account and then delete it again the next day. I’ve never been in relationship and I’ve never even kissed anyone and I’m 22 so I know I need to try harder to put myself out there but it’s so scary and I hate the thought of people seeing my pictures and evaluating my appearance. I feel like I’m realizing that if I want things to improve for me I have to just try but I hate it so much. Does anyone else feel this discomfort? How do you deal with this?
Bumble,"Question about a friend's ex I saw on this dating site I'm new to online dating and recently installed bumble. Been single for 6 years so figured it's time to put myself out there again.

I just saw one of my best friends ex's on bumble and and swiped NO. Then an icon popped up saying ""you missed a potential match"" on the top left of the screen directly after swiping NO on her. Does that mean she swiped YES on me or that someone I swiped YES on swiped NO on me. I'm honestly just curious.

Context: this friend and I used to live together and she moved in with us for a while then they found their own place and broke up shortly after"
Bumble,"Men who put “don’t know yet” as their relationship tag, what do you mean by this? I am aware that there is probably a variety of answers to this question, But I am curious to see why men who decide to use dating apps choose this option instead of “something casual” (hookups) or “relationship” (actual dating)??"
Bumble,Not getting any matches?? I think my bumble is broken Lool
Bumble,Asking out for a date When is it a good time to ask a girl out for a date? We have been talking for couple days now and I don’t want to miss my chance for some other guys to take her out.
Bumble,"I think I figured out why your account never actually resets  My account has been dry for a really long time even after remaking it, and today I think I finally figured it out. Years ago, I did alright on the app, and as time went on id delete my account when I didn't wanna use it anymore and make a ""new one"" when id want to try again thinking my account was actually deleted when coming back. However! When I disconnected it from my Facebook today I found this after I deleted it:

This is word for word;

""Bumble uses your information to improve the business integration experience. To learn more about how they use this information, view their Privacy Policy.

To request that your information to be removed, you will need to contact Bumble. Review their Privacy Policy for details, if you contact Bumble to remove your information, they may need your User ID.""

The ID is then given below that.

So, with this, it's safe to say, the data you start with is stored FOREVER until you ask them to actually reset it, deleting your account does nothing. And I can 100% say for certain that this is correct as EVERYTIME I have ever made a new account ill instantly get 3 likes and two of them are the same people every single time."
Bumble,"How many first dates did you go on until you found your person? How many first dates did you go on until you found your person? 

I've been feeling pretty discouraged lately. I have gone on many dates and met a lot of great guys, and had a few short term ""relationships"" (like 2-4 months), but nothing that has stuck for me. 

I was just curious from experience how many first dates you've went on before you found ""the one"" and what that process was like for you!"
Bumble,What's up with women putting their socials on their profiles? Are they just wanting more followers? Are they wanting people to just message them there without worrying about matching (this one seems very unlikely)
Bumble,"Matching with the same person twice? How to proceed? I’ve been on and off bumble for like 3 years. I have gotten dates and a couple relationships out of it over that time. 

I think it was probably a couple of years ago I matched with a guy I recognized that I went to high school with.  He was a couple grades ahead of me then so I didn’t really know him in school. 

We matched back then, but I kind of chickened out and never messaged him at that time. It was a little while later that he DM’d me on Instagram. The conversation didn’t really go anywhere at that time. I tried to hit him up once after that but again, nothing came of it. 

I downloaded bumble again recently and saw this profile. I swiped right to see what would happen and we matched again. Soooo idk 😂. Do I just start off with a gif saying hi or what ?😂"
Bumble,"If I (male) have my preferences set as ""show me everyone"" will I only see gay/bisexual men or will Bumble also show me straight men? I was swiping on Bumble today and I being bisexual usually swipe on both men and women and assume that the women are straight/bi and men are gay/bi. However yesterday while swiping a cousin showed up on my profile who I know isn't openly gay or bisexual. So did Bumble show me his profile by error or does he too have his preferences set to men and women?"
Bumble,"What's with young women chasing older 50+ men!? I'm unsure how many other 50+ men hang out here, but is significantly younger women offering NSA only hookups to 50+ men a common thing? And, no, I'm not talking about SB's or any other incentive$.

It's to the point where I now have to open messages with a clarifying statement that I'm looking to develop a friendship that evolves into a relationship and exclusive girlfriend.

WTF?

Yes, I know this is a complete reversal of fortune) of what most of you youngins experience, which (sorry, not sorry) I can't stop laughing about! :-)"
Bumble,"How do you usually become exclusive? I (F24) am wondering if I should stop seeing the guy who I matched on Bumble 3 months ago. 

Everything between us is going super great, but He is still seeing other girls. He says he still wanna meet lots of people and see what will happen so he is looking for nothing at the moment. 

In this situation, he meets me because he thinks I am looking for nothing as well. 
But I actually like him and I feel stupid every time I meet him because I know I am not the only one. 

Should I just stop seeing him before I really like him? 

I just wanna ask you guys how you became exclusive when someone you are seeing is still meeting women/men."
Bumble,"I got banned I was banned for asking ""will you suck my dick?"". I feel like this is not a good reason for a ban. We're adults on a dating app, you can say no and I'll move on. I didn't say anything rude, I didn't say thats the only thing women are good for or anything like that. I admit it's not a high success rate approach, but a ban seems ridiculous. I wasn't rude or discriminating against any women. I feel like the only reason I could have been banned is ""dick"" is profanity. Which like, let's be real, there's a lot of profanity in there. 

That is all

I hope you have a good day"
Bumble,Conversations How can I make conversations more interesting ? I am a dude and I seem to be asking more questions from the girls and it seems awful cuze it doesn’t reciprocate. It feels like I’m interrogating them lol. It happens so often to every matches I get. Do I just suck at conversations or girls are naturally like this?
Bumble,"Easier to see beeline matches? I noticed recently my beeline matches have been less pixelated then before and I can therefore find them easier. I also have been getting a lot more matches than I ever have. I've gotten maybe five matches last month, and two this morning, where before I would maybe be lucky to get two matches in a year. But my matches are still not what I'm attracted to and if they are they don't message. Has the beeline que become less pixelated for anyone else or is it just me?"
Bumble,Pink circle? Hi anyone got a pink circle that knows what it means? I looked it up online and I can't find any info on it... Thanks!
Bumble,Make new friends etc Bumble and hinge. Are they good apps?
Bumble,"Do you get turned off from someone’s intentions being marriage? Taken from a conversation I’ve had with people in real life. When you’re talking to someone new and they mention they’re dating with the purpose of marriage, is that a turnoff? I feel like it can be a little too strong. Like I think we’d all be ok with marrying someone eventually, so that goes without saying. A usually say serious relationship. What’re your thoughts?"
Bumble,"What do you guys like and dislike most about dating apps? I’ve got this great idea, and I’m looking for feedback about modern dating apps."
Bumble,"Spontaneous and adventurous? So what tf does it mean when a girl says she likes going on adventures? Like going on roadtrips or going out to eat at 12AM??? And what does it mean when she says she's ""spontaneous""?? Does it mean she just ignores her responsibilities to go get fast food or something? What does it all mean?!"
Bumble,"Guy being emotionally unavailable Is a guy saying that he’s not “emotionally available yet” and isn’t “ready to be going towards a relationship” and doesn’t want to lead me on usually code for a soft rejection? I feel like it actually means something closer to “I’m not ready for a relationship with you/not emotionally available for you.” Very confusing for my recent situation having a guy tell me this, since he was asking me what I was looking for prior to the date and liked that I said I’m not into a casual hookup. Just very mixed signals, and I’d like to avoid being in another situation like this in the future."
Bumble,"Matched with someone, then accidentally unmatched 🤦🏻‍♀️ I was lying in bed, looking over this match’s profile. Super cute &amp; likes wine gums like me so I thought I would comment something about it. But before I do, I wanted to see other photos and text before msging. 

I get to the end and my finger hit something and as my phone slipped I saw my thumb press unmatch. UGH 🤦🏻‍♀️

Just some morning frustrations lol"
Bumble,"Looking for a relationship tag Hi all,

I've (Male late 20s) recently re-downloaded bumble after a long hiatus and set my tag to 'looking for a relationship', 

I try to swipe right on people with a similar tag (as I assume we are looking for a similar thing). However, I'm feeling like a bit of weirdo for having this tag as I've noticed that most women have their tag blank or set to 'don't know yet'. 

I'm not looking to rush anything but I'm just not really into casual fling thing as despite being a very liberal atheist I'm a bit more 'traditional' in relationship preferences I guess. 

Is the relationship tag just seen as being a bit full on? I usually avoid people with 'dont know yet' as I don't love getting the ""actually not looking for a relationship right now after a few dates"", but its looking like the default now so maybe I shouldn't judge!"
Bumble,"Poll: Do you date multiple people at the same time? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lykt04)"
Bumble,"Snoozing vs deleting account Made an account about a week ago and although I had a handful of matches, it’s not what I’m looking for. After getting feedback, I need to get new pics. However, this might take awhile for the kind I need. I’ve put my profile on “snooze” indefinitely, as I don’t want to ruin future chances because women swiped left while my stuff isn’t looking the best. However, would it be better to delete the account and then restart when I’m ready? And would a new account give me the chance to match with women who swiped left before? Also, does snoozing/deleting could affect Bumble’s algorithm negatively?"
Bumble,"Location being weird For some reason since I’ve moved in to college my location is still showing where I used to live. I’m not really sure how to change it to my actual location without having to pay for premium, anyone know how location works?"
Bumble,"Beeline filled then dropped I just rejoined Bumble. Female in large metro area, parameters set to anyone under 30. 

No shortage of potential suitors.  I probably swiped for about an hour or more til I hit my daily limit.  I noticed that my beeline quickly filled up, at one point I think it was 42 or 43. This morning when I opened the app there were 5 (now 7). 

Simply curious what happens to make that drop? Possibly they swipe on me then go back and see the details aren’t a match? Hadn’t seen this drop the previous time I was on Bumble so I’m curious about it.

UPDATE: I’m a ditz! I had changed my settings to women only, and forgot about it. Soon as I changed settings to everyone my beeline was full."
Bumble,"First time on Bumble in a few years - is it me, or has it gotten worse? For reference, 27M in a big city.

2.5 years ago I was on Bumble (and Hinge and CMB) and after a short wind-up period, it worked pretty well for me. I would get decent matches maybe every day - definitely every week. Of course lots of ghosting, or people you don't vibe well with - but I was able to go on a date with a new person once a week if I wanted to, without having particularly low standards or anything.

But I started up again a month ago, and it's like a desert. I thought maybe it's because of Covid - but apparently usage is up during covid so I don't know. I also feel like my profile is better than it was before! For starters, I had some women friends help me pick out the best pictures of me. I also have a nicer apartment, I'm in better shape, have a better job. Not that those things are everything of course, but they matter on quick glances. I got desperate enough that now I'm paying for the one that lets me see who likes me.

Either dating apps have gotten harder, or I've gotten worse at them haha - maybe at 25 I was way more desirable than 27? Any ideas?"
Bumble,"Question about location I live kind of in the middle of nowhere, but my job is 40 minutes away in a modern, populated city. I’m a fairy attractive guy and my profile is nice and friendly but I never get any matches, and I’m worried it’s because most girls don’t have their range set to 30+ miles. My question is, if I only allow bumble to use my location while I’m in the city, does that mean it will think that’s where I am a lot of the time and consequently get more matches because of the shorter distance?"
Bumble,"Message Notification Settings? So I've been on Bumble for a while now, gotten a fair few matches. I am a guy, so the girl then sends me a message. I get a notification for the FIRST message, and then nothing after that. Kinda frustrating because I don't check the app every 30 minutes to see if they respond. I usually try and drive the conversation into eventually giving them my snap and they add me there because I am able to regularly keep up with conversation. But some girls stop talking to me after I give them my snap, cause idk, I guess I seem too forward or something? Anyway, was wondering if anyone knows why this is happening or how to fix this. I looked in the apps notification settings and it says my message notifications are on and if I turn them off, then I won't get them, so... I don't wanna do that.

Also I remember when I first get the app my first two matches I didn't even get that first notification, I just happened to be using the app a lot more since it was new and exciting.

Any suggestions would be much appreciated!"
Bumble,"Bumble Bizz Opinions Hey guys would be really nice to know your opinions of Bumble Bizz.  


I'm still trying to figure out what I think about it.  


Do share your thoughts!"
Bumble,"Men, can you stop complaining about women asking for your height? I'm a guy and I have to say I am tired of other dudes on here complaining when women ask them how tall they are. I've seen a number of screenshots of dudes following up to ""how tall are you?""  
with intentionally insulting questions about a women's weight or breast size...THESE ARE NOT EQUIVALENT MEASUREMENTS!

Across the board in society women are judged way more heavily on their appearance than their substance. You are not a victim of the female gaze or entitled to be an asshole just because some women asked you how tall you are.

In fact, the most confidence way to respond to that question is with your actual height! Whether you are tall or short, it is way more attractive to just show confidence in your own appearance than it is to respond with some cheap insult. If you do choose to burn the bridge with your response then you are the one who looses in the end because you height may not have even been an issue.

A lot of heterosexual people want to be in a relationship where the man is taller than the woman. That's why some dating apps ask for your height....you don't see Hinge or Bumble asking for weight as well....thats because height is not the equivalent to weight or breast size.

For a lot of women having a man who is their height or taller is just a matter of basic sexual compatibility. You can claim that as unfair or too judgemental, but it is a reality for both sexes. A lot of of men also don't want to date women that are taller than they are.

Whenever a woman asks me how tall I am respond with my actual height and I would recommend any other man does the same thing."
Bumble,"Hookups I got a girl to agree to ""walk with me around the park"". Idk what her intentions are but I would like to fuck. Would it be a good idea to ask if she wants to fuck to finish the day off when we meet up? Btw, I'm not looking for a relationship. I just want hookups but too afraid to be upfront since they may not want to hang out in the first place."
Bumble,"Bumble Boost Settlement Payouts Arriving FYI, I just got a zelle transfer for 36.89 from B Settlement. That's within the date window they promised and the amount window."
Bumble,settlement? I just received $36 from a B settlement on paypal. Could this be from the bumble settlement?
Bumble,"How to report someone who unmatched you? I was harassed by someone on Bumble, and they unmatched me and the match is no longer in my list (like sometimes it'll show a blank match after someone unmatches)

How do I go about reporting them?"
Bumble,"Can anyone offer some example conversation starters? I'm always terrible at online/app dating. In person I'm completely different, confident, and can hold a convo, make them laugh etc. I feel at ease around people. 

Online, no such luck. I either give a match an essay on my life and obviously scare her away, or I end up saying basic things like ""hey how's your week going"" that naturally kill the convo or bore her to sleep. 

I've always been like this and I hate it. Please help!"
Bumble,How long.... How long until you give out your number if you think the conversation seems to be going well??
Bumble,"Is this starting friendship salvageable? I am using the friendship side of Bumble and have been talking with this woman on there. She is very interesting and we have been talking for a few days, but she has never once asked me a single thing about myself other to comment on me being childfree which was a comment not even a question.

Should I say something?"
Bumble,"App seems fake for showing me overly attractive woman 28M here. I've been using Bumble for while, but all of my list shows overly attractive woman that looks like a model, people who I NEVER seen in local. Even to assume that those are real people, they would be way out of league for me. Is it the same for you guys as well?"
Bumble,"Bumble Success Story So my bf (M23) and I (F21) met on Bumble more than a year ago, did not want anything serious and became FWB. However, we both felt a connection, pursued it, and started dating 7 months ago! I love him more than I thought possible :)

However, he deleted our match right away bc we had obvi moved to texing. I was wondering if there was a way to get our conversation back, just to see how everything started between us ??"
Bumble,"Army picture keeps getting removed? So I'm posting an older picutre of my in my army uniform and every single time moments after it uploads it gets moderated.

Am I the only one this is happening to?"
Bumble,"How long should I text? I've been getting matches on Bumble and talking to a couple of girls back and forth. How long should I be texting them on the app before I ask them to meet up? Also, should I be telling a lot about myself to the girl when we first match on the app?"
Bumble,"Am I the only one bored with this app? I just downloaded it again I think for a certain second time since I never really used this app. Being on here just 2-3 hrs is kinda boring. They limit your swipes so boring. I never understand how it says you have like 50 matches when more than half the time, most of the dudes just swipe right and  once I swipe back, look through my profile and unmatch. Like come on that’s hella boring to just continuously swipe only to unmatch once they go through the actual profile. Like one interesting conversation would be nice but the amount of unmatching is insane, I’m ready to just delete my profile and it hasn’t even been a day."
Bumble,"“You missed a match” on the guy my friend is seeings profile SO, just wanted to check before I go tell my friend. But the guy she is seeings profile was on my bumble feed and when I swiped left on him it said “you have missed a match” 

Is that feature 100% accurate?? Like did he actually swipe right on me orrr????"
Bumble,"I wish that people wouldn’t swipe if they’re actually not interested. Don’t get me wrong: I understand that people want as many option as they can get. I’m a 27F, and I also understand that men have a harder time on dating sites and that it’s easier for women. EDIT: I know why men swipe on everyone. It is definitely a numbers game and I get that. And I also understand that this works both ways, so I get all that. 

But I’m also really tired of getting matches and coming up with something that reflects their profile and then...nothing. No response. Or they unmatch. Or whatever the issue is. And I don’t want to be all “aww online dating is so frustrating blah blah blah” because I know that we see a lot of this on this subreddit, but if I’m being honest, I’m a little down about it. It almost makes me want to say just say “hey” or “👋🏾” because I hate when I feel like I have crafted a great opener and then I don’t get any responses. And I know that I’m not everyone’s key demographic, but some days it’s harder than others. I live in PDX, and I’m honestly kind of worried that my chances of finding love here are shot (I’ve been here five years, since for three). I just miss being excited about someone, or getting to know someone. But anyway, that’s it. 

I hope that I’m not alone, and I hope that others understand how tiring this shit can be 😅"
Bumble,"Bumble Incognito Question I bought premium for this feature and I feel like I got no matches so i turned this mode off later the day I signed up. Will i still be able to match with those people?

If i turn date mode off and then on will i be able to see these same people again?"
Bumble,If I turn date mode off then on will i see the people i swiped right on again? I kinda want to restart and hopefully find the people I swiped right on earlier-- so if i turn it off and the on I know i lose my matches. I will find these people again right?
Bumble,Someone swiped right on me to ask who my friend was. ...lol.
Bumble,"How to say I like deep conversations without sounding cringe ?? Trying to answer the “I get way too excited about prompt...” I very much am someone who likes to really get to know people/explore their ideas around abstract concepts/the game We’re Not Really Strangers. Could easily say “deep conversations” but I feel like that makes me sound super cringe like I’m 14 and This Is Deep let’s talk about space. Help??? 

(want to include this bc i’m tired of talking to brick walls) 

I’m 21F and incredibly sexy if that helps. lol."
Bumble,"Do you guys generally unmatch or ghost when you're not into it? I think all of us guys have been there before. Sometimes you just swipe right out of boredom, for fun, or you accidentally swipe right. 

How do you guys generally deal with not that great looking girls who message first? Sometimes when I see a match and their message the next day, I'm just not into it. Not that attractive good looking, or a little too big, not that feminine, etc. 

Is it better to just ghost or unmatch? I don't think ruining a girl's confidence is the best idea, so what's the best practice?"
Bumble,This app is by far the most retarded pointless dating app in the world. The fact that I can’t message the girl makes this app useless considering the amount of men on here makes it nearly impossible to get a message LOL Basically title. I don’t get why people use it. I can’t message anyone once I get matches. Apparently the girl has to choose between messaging 500 other guys once you match and guess what u probably won’t be chosen if your average looking or slightly above average looking LOL. The girl will pick the top 10 percent of men that look like models etc. deleting and uninstalling this app
Bumble,"How Whitney Wolfe Herd used Bumble dating app as a front to fight Misogyny. A super interesting story that this youtube channel made. highly recommend watching it. 

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG7u68qQwKI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YG7u68qQwKI)"
Bumble,"What's the trick to get visibility? I've been using it for months and had barely any like, only 2 matches, and I seriously don't understand why.
I know that as a straight 21M it's x1000 times harder to get matched, but there's gotta be something I do wrong for sure.

I consider myself a ~7, I took care of my profile and only swipe the ones I actually like (around 1/3). I use it every evening for at least 15 minutes.

I'd appreciate some tips, thanks."
Bumble,"Disappears after one message Hey so I’m probably shouting into the void here but I’m feeling a bit frustrated and dejected and I’m hoping someone can help me put this in perspective.  I’ve been at this a couple months now and I’m not having any success.  I’m not particularly surprised that I’m getting little interest, but what is confusing and frustrating is the pattern I’m seeing with what little interest I am getting.

This has happened to me twice now:  I match with someone and I get a single message like “Hey, what’s up.”  I reply and ask an innocuous question about something on their profile like “Hey I like your dogs, what are their names?” They immediately unmatch without an explanation.

I get that this is a “me” problem and I’m not trying to foist the blame on anyone else, but it seems like if the answer were as simple as “he’s too fat/ugly/boring/bad pictures/etc.” then they would simply swipe left and move on like most other users, right?

Is this a pattern of behavior others have encountered or engage in that you might have some insight into?  It just feels very middle school, like they’re kind of toying with me.

I guess the moral of the story is sometimes it’s better to just swipe left."
Bumble,"When does the “NEW HERE” disappear? On bumble, new people have the little yellow new here thing on their profile. How long do you have to be on bumble for the “new here” to be gone."
Bumble,"Did bumble boost worked for you? Sorry for posting another question, but forgot to ask... did anyone had successful boost story?"
Bumble,"Ghosted but he still “stalks” my Ig Let me start by saying I’m using the word “stalks” very loosely here, I’m very much aware that I’m not being stalked lol. Anyway, it’s obviously something I’m experiencing so just thought it’d be interesting to hear people’s stories about ghosters who decide they’re still interested in watching every single ig story as soon as you post one. Why do they care? And do you continue to allow them to have access to you in that way? Is it not that big of a deal? Maybe my ego is just a bit bruised? Curious to hear some thoughts! And if you’re a ghoster who does this (no shame), I’m super interested in your perspective too!"
Bumble,"If a girl's photo is of her in what's clearly a hotel room, that's a hooker, right? I've been seeing tons of profile pics like that lately."
Bumble,"please, we're begging you to get rid of snooze notifications /u/bumbleapp I went months without realizing that once I turn Snooze mode off, the app sends a notification to all of my current matches. It's hard to express how truly nonsensical and ridiculous this feature is. I can't think of another app that prevents you from disabling such a notification, if they even have it in the first place.

The kicker: Bumble can't definitively explain why the notification feature exists either. The website merely states that it helps to foster ""online accountability"" and ensure ""kindness and respect."" What does that even mean?! And how does the notification contribute to any of that? 

If anything, the notification does the complete opposite. It might send mixed signals and cause unnecessary confusion to one's current matches. And if you use the Snooze mode frequently, it annoys one's current matches with numerous notifications.

In the Covid era, it's especially ridiculous. The time it takes from initial match to in-person date is almost always much longer now due to the pandemic. It's not uncommon to have multiple ongoing conversations with several matches over the course of weeks/months, waiting to receive a vaccine before finally meeting in person. These conversations might be semi-regular, or even dormant for weeks. Once again, sending pointless notifications to these matches can create mixed signals.     

To make it more straightforward for you, /u/bumbleapp , I've never once wanted to receive a notification when one of my matches turns Snooze mode off. And when I actually do receive those notifications, I've never once had a positive thought about it. I've also never once expected my matches to be ""accountable"" to me in any way, shape, or form; that's psychotic behavior.  

Please just get rid of the feature, no one likes it. Or at least provide an actual explanation for why it exists (it'll be easier on your end just to get rid of it though)."
Bumble,"Question about the app :) So I was very close to my 18th about a month ago and decided ""haha! I'm going to just join the app and wait it out"" which I have now acknowledged to be incredibly stupid but hey, quarantine does stupid shit to your brain and I really wanted new friends. I am now of age, would I be allowed back on the app if I simply used another phone number or if you're banned once for being underage are you not welcome back? Just wanted to make sure I knew before rejoining!! Thanks in advance! &lt;3"
Bumble,"Men with “female” profiles? Apologies in advance, I think I’m being a bit naive! I’m a bi female so have my profile set to everyone, but occasionally switch to just women so that only ladies show up on my beeline. However there are always a bunch of guys (they appear to be cis men) who have presumably set their profile to female.

No judgement from me, but can anyone help me to understand what the motive is here!? I don’t get it! It did occur to me that it might be men looking for threesomes but that seems kind of illogical..."
Bumble,"On: Dogs and the Likelihood of a Match As I've (NB22, male-presenting) learned to write my profile better over time, I've improved the clarity so much that I've found the space to write the fact that I don't want to live with dogs in the foreseeable future. As if my match rate wasn't low enough as it was, I feel like it's managed to fall further.

Main question(s): Do people like dogs that much? For you personally, would you consider dating someone who didn't want to live with dogs (in the near future, as well as *potentially* as long as they're alive)?"
Bumble,"Replying once every few days I am experiencing a pattern where I am exchanging messages once every few days with almost anyone that I match with. While I understand that people have their own very busy lives and might also be talking to other matches at the same time, this is preventing me from having a proper conversation with any new match and form a connection. 

I feel like I signed up for correspondence chess and not a dating app.  Is anyone else experiencing the same thing?"
Bumble,Unattractive Women on dating apps really think by having photos of then showing off their ass if going to value their worth. I think it’s really unattractive &amp; screams how desperate they are for attention. Insistent left swipe
Bumble,"It can't be just me So, I've been using Bumble for the last couple months as a decent looking female, are aggressive sexual responses pretty typical??? I've been out of the game for a while, but oh my god. Don't they realize if they do the bare minimum of conversation and meet ups that they will probably get to that anyway? The bar is already so low for straight men to make an impression. I thought maybe since I'm in the 30 age range it would not be so bad, and that has not been the case. I've been terribly amused by it all, but wondering how much shit I have to wade through until I hit something genuine. Is this just my experience or are there other females out there struggling? Lol"
Bumble,I'm on bumblebees but nobody is messaging me help! My name is Jonathan. I'm 28.
Bumble,How does Bumble work for gays? So girls are the only ones that can text first right? Well 1) which girl texts first in lesbian matches? 2) which guy is allowed to text first in gay matches?
Bumble,"Instant replies but no questions back? I started ""chatting"" with this guy today and he's replying right away when I write to him but doesn't ask questions back, he seems nice and I'm trying my best, but dear lord I'm on the verge of just stop talking, there's not much I can keep a ""conversation"" alive like this.

Any advice? Should I try to keep it going or just quit?

I hate online dating 😩"
Bumble,"When they keep showing a profile that I’ve already seen before That’s a sign I am being too picky right? Or is it fake/bot? Mind you I have swiped left each time, but might swipe right this time just to see what happens."
Bumble,"Why do people match if your not going to text? I'm just curious on your guys/girls opinions? Any stories 
Does this happen often?
Any tips will be helpful thanks
I am thinking about getting off the app soon."
Bumble,"Tired of people not wanting to be serious. I matched with this girl on bumble about a month or two ago. We hit it off really great. We had a lot in common and we both really liked cats. We met up  twice ans played a few board games together. We had a good time hanging out. I asked her out to dinner  yesterday. She said yes. She messaged me today, saying she wasn't expecting me to ask her out to dinner. And she doesn't have the energy for a relationship. But she wants to be friends and enjoys hanging out with me she said. She basically friend zoned me. I just don't understand why are people  on dating apps like bumble but don't want a be in a fucking relationship.  Im tired of being friend zoned."
Bumble,"What’s your ideal first date? I think my ideal first date would be to both dress up fancy (not in a serious manner or anything just because I think it would be fun) and go out to eat and get some drinks somewhere then maybe go to a shooting range or mini golf and end the night having a good conversation in the car to better get to know each other.
I’d love to hear other peoples fun date ideas that are different from the typical “coffee dates” 
Maybe we can all benefit off this thread to better our date ideas and make ourselves a bit more fun for a first date!😊"
Bumble,"Not a single response from matches.. I’m a lady and I’ve been on Bumble on/off for years. I would always actively message and engage. However, I recently redownloaded the app and made a new profile, and not a single match has responded to me. I have had it for 5 days now and have had roughly 15 matches to no avail. I don’t message “hey” either. I always message with intent and ask something based on their profile. So like..what the hell man?! 

This is a first for me and I just don’t get it. They aren’t unmatching either, they all just expire. Since my profile is new, they had to have matched with me recently, so why no response at all? The fact that it’s happened with every match is what confuses me. Is there a glitch in the matrix or do I simply suck?

Edit: now at 0/20 lol why do I even try"
Bumble,What types of photos are turn offs/cringey? I’m (female) planning on making a bumble profile soon and I was just wondering what types of photos aren’t really appealing to guys? Like do guys think mirror photos are kind of cringey ?? Also I’ve heard photos with filters aren’t really appealing either...just looking for some advice before I create my profile !
Bumble,"Upgraded to premium... ...and suddenly no likes or matches? Liked or swiped right on most of the women that liked me. Now they're all expiring.  
Is it a thing that Bumble does? Baits you into paying for premium and gives you little to nothing in return (outside of seeing who ""swiped right"")?  
Male, 40."
Bumble,"Are there any success stories or even marriages that come from bumble? I’d like to hear some :) Cheesy, romantic, almost thought it was a fail, anything, I want to hear it :)"
Bumble,"7 likes and I've gone through my entire city Over the past ≈4 or so days I've gone through every possible match on bumble. My criteria are somewhat strict with the age being 18-26 and distance being 50 miles. I'm 18 myself and feel uncomfortable dating someone who's a whole lot older than me. The entire time I've been using the app the people who swiped right on me have totalled 7. Is this normal? Have I literaly gone through every person on bumble in my city of 400,000 in 4 days? Will more matches pop up? Is it because I'm a gremlin/ogre?"
Bumble,"What are your impressions of the Bumble algorithm? Hi y'all, curious about the Bumble algorithm. Haven't used it in a few years but thinking about giving it another try.

Any impressions of the algorithm appreciated, but specifically I'm interested in how heavily it seems to be based off a single 'attractiveness' metric. I'm especially curious about this based on my experience with Hinge last year – I identify as a non-binary man (AMAB and *mostly* male-presenting, but not entirely), and I found that when I was openly non-binary on Hinge, my attractiveness rating seemed to tank. When I switched my profile to be more uniformly masculine, my attractiveness went back up.

I've had luck in the past on OKCupid, which in my experience is better than Hinge, at least, for helping weirdos like me find each other. I've also had good luck IRL, but that's been harder since I moved to a new city and a pandemic immediately started 🙂. I've also tried Tinder – my impression there was that the app did not limit people too much based on attractiveness score, but was still a bit of a mess otherwise (felt like there were more ads and scammers than real profiles).

The big question: how much does Bumble's algorithm seem to sort people based on normative attractiveness, and how much room is there for people to be themselves and look for a more specific match?

Any insights appreciated. Thanks y'all"
Bumble,"Any reason to swipe if there's nothing in the bee line? Is there any reason to swipe on Bumble if you have nothing in the bee line? As a guy btw. 

I don't think I have ever just swiped a bunch and matched with someone unless there was someone already in the line ."
Bumble,"Does the ""X has ended the chat"" feature only appear for specific users? Seeing it for the first time. Basically I have been using Bumble   for just over a month now. People have come and gone: I have both   unmatched people and have been unmatched in the process.

I   have been unmatched at least twice before, but this is the first time I   am getting the message that says ""Looks like X has ended the chat"" and  I  have the ability to report them if they have been abusive and the  like.

My  question is, why did the  feature not appear when the previous people  (who I spoke to quite  extensively) unmatched me. But for this specific  user the account is  greyed out with this message. Nothing bad has  happened, I'm just  curious. Is it for people who have been reported  before or flagged?

Also, this user is the only one I exchanged phone numbers with. Does the app pick that up somehow? I have attached an image below.

&amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/gjf0rr03rok61.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=3f7aa49ce5bd98ad3ae5c1cae4518b6514c7db9c"
Bumble,"Conversation Tips Being able to hold a conversation is definitely one of the most important things about online dating, if not the most important.

To me, there are two important rules for holding a conversation:

1. Assume that the other person knows how to hold a conversation (until proven otherwise)
2. Picking up on the cues left in the conversation by the other person.

These cues can be explicit, like asking an open-ended question.

But other times, you can find bait within fairly standard statements. This is where most people struggle.

**For example:**

Girl: Hey, I'm not used to opening first but I figured I'll start with a question - what's the worst pickup line you've heard?

Guy: Well, I'm happy to let you know that your opener was better than 99% of the girls I've spoken to. As for your question, unfortunately, I've never been told a cheesy pickup line before. Girls usually tend to be straightforward with me.

Girl: Oh nice! lool that's true.

\------

I see at least four cues she could have used to continue the conversation. She chose not to follow any of them. Instead, the girl put the onus on the guy to start a new conversation (generally, in the form of a question).

When the guy chooses not to respond, the girl eventually blames the guy for being bad at holding a conversation and the cycle continues."
Bumble,"Expected trajectory I (36M) matched with someone (36F) who is in a professoon where texts or calls throughout the day are pretty close to impossible. As much as I’d like a spontaneous text in the middle of the day, I completely understand and appreciate her profession.
But as we chat on Bumble and by chat I mean like email style response rates. That is, I send her a text about how her day was, and I’ll get a response a day or two (closer to two) and get a question in there as well. I respond back immediately but this pace continues.
To my surprise, she asks to speak on the phone and we do, and it was fun and we planned another phone call...in a week. 
I figure I need to keep the dialogue going, so I message her the day after our call, shes responds in a day+. Then I respond and am still waiting a response (its been 2 days).
Don’t get me wrong, I’m not one of those people who expect her to drop everything just because we had a nice phone convo. My question is how does this go from here? Like, how do two people (given the reality of covid restrictions and etc) become close, comfortable, and anything at this rate?
Sure, short answer is..shes not that into you...
Then do I just wait and see how she comes out?"
Bumble,"Blocked from the app. How to reach out to the mod team? I received an email that my profile has been blocked. What is the best way to get a review of my profile and the reports of it to make an appeal.

If I had to guess, I'd say too many people didn't know that oxytocin is the bonding hormone and they thought I was looking for drugs.

Are there mods on here that can review my profile and the reports?"
Bumble,"How do the ""good"" guys and girls on Bumble miss each other? I have seen many posts on here for about a year from guy and girl redditors about the bad interactions and complaints about never/rarely finding a decent match. 

Also as someone who uses Bumble it's hard to find a decent profile that I like to match, have a conversation with, and get to take out on a date. 

It seems like we keep missing each other or the algorithm just isn't showing us people we would probably have a nicer time with. Either that or there's just sooo many bad candidates and inactive accounts out there that it drowns out the well intentioned people. 

Thoughts?"
Bumble,Does bumble premium make sense? Just wanted to hear from someone who actually used it
Bumble,"Bumble says 34 women liked me, but I get no matches Hi people! I am using the  app since yesterday and I let it run all day and then I came to check this morning how I did. I saw the likes, thought oh that is nice, let me try to swipe now. I tried not to overdo and then I set a goal to swipe until I liked 10 people. I did it and got not matches, then more then and no matches, another 10 and same result.

Is this some kind of bug and I got no matches? Or should I swipe over the whole city just to find out who liked me?"
Bumble,"I’ve barely talked to you... &amp; y’all are JEALOUS?!?!? So I’ve been using bumble for a bit, and what BLOWS MY MIND is I’ll match with someone, we’ll talk for a few days then maybe call/video chat before I’m comfortable to going out with the guy. 

Sooo many guys ask me: “Are you still using bumble?”

Me: “yeah.”

Him: “why? We’re talking.”

Me: “I’ve known you for 2 days, I haven’t even met you, I’m just getting to know you.”

Him: “well I just feel uncomfortable that you’re talking to other men, like I’m nice and loyal, is that not enough?”

Me: “if you’re uncomfortable about the way I’m doing things and don’t respect that, then I’m sorry, I don’t this is gonna work, I hope you find what you’re looking for.” 

*ghost*

I’m honestly not sure how else to go about it. Like jealousy a few days in is absolutely ridiculous in my opinion."
Bumble,"Filters... Are they all in or are they all out? Would someone like to explain why, despite touting itself as progressive (in my view, that's what Bumble's angle is) it's ok to have filters for certain personal preferences but not other personal preferences on Bumble? I'm sure it's been explained before but I must have missed that email."
Bumble,"Meeting up This guy (27M) and I (21F) have been texting back and forth for a day or two. He keeps texting me saying good morning etc.. 

Today he said we should meet up. I said yeah we should get coffee and then he went on to say how much he loves coffee. I said “sometime this week?”. He didn’t respond to that text and responded to the other thing I said. Then he said “we’ll have to plan it soon”. 

Does that mean he doesn’t actually care to meet up? I don’t like texting a whole lot but I’m not one to push if someone doesn’t seem quite interested."
Bumble,"Beeline Question Has anyone noticed that previous matches will show up again your beeline after you reactivate your account?

This has happened to me a few times and with several matches. I’ve deleted my account with bumble a couple of times, mostly due to needing a break. I usually do a subscription so I can see my beeline each time. Upon reactivating my account or creating a new one (however you want to look at it), I’ll get several of the same guys that have previously been in my beeline that I have matched with before, actually chatted with and went no where, actually went on dates with and told them I didn’t see it going anywhere, or any other scenario where we have made contact. I’m not taking about guys that have liked me and I haven’t matched with, as I can understand why they would be in my beeline again.

I thought it was a glitch each time as why in the world would these guys swipe right on me again after it hasn’t worked out. This last time, I have now seen a previous match that we talked for weeks, went out on a date and things ended pretty sour (long story but I asked him something he took offensively), to where he went on a long rant and CLEARLY didn’t want anything more to do with me. Now he is in my beeline again?? There is no way he liked me again. I mean, if any of these guys wanted to reach out to me again, some of them have my number so why not reach out that way if they wanted to try to reconnect. 

Has anyone else experienced this? Is this a glitch in Bumble or are these guys really swiping right on me again?"
Bumble,"When the location isn't showing I matched with someone last week whos distance or location wasn't showing. I read that means his profile is on ""snooze"". But if thats the case how did I find his profile in the first place and was able to match with him? 
Anyways, he let the match expire :("
Bumble,"How soon is too soon to be asked on a date? I've received some mix answers about this question. I tend to prefer a couple days of messaging before going on a date (I'm vaccinated, fyi). I've heard some people say they don't mind if someone asks them out right off the bat and others are more uncomfortable if someone asks them out after only 2-3 messages. I tend to the latter, but I'm worried maybe I could miss out on the right guy if I don't go out with them after only a brief exchange. Any advice?"
Bumble,"Super Likes Should Get 48 Hours If any official Bumble Bees read these posts, since Super Likes are paid for, greater value would be realized by granting 48 hours for a Super Like to respond rather than just one day.

Yes, even though I'm not an advocate of Super Likes, women are my kryptonite and sometimes I just can't help myself!"
Bumble,"My match deleted her account and we already made plans Matched with a girl on Friday and we made plans to meet up, I opened the app to check my messages and found out she deleted her account, didn’t even give me a warning or anything so now I don’t know what to do :("
Bumble,"Equal opportunity Is just posting ""hi"" a valid start of a conversation?"
Bumble,"Was it rude or wrong of me to unmatch her I never really used Bumble that much but recently decided to get into it...

So I matched with this girl and she starts off with a simple wave emoji. No introduction or anything. Even though this is supposed to be an app where the girl is supposed to start off. But no worries; as a guy I am used to making the first move so I start it off.

Long story short; after talking for a couple hours I realized I was asking 100% of questions, the only one trying to show interest, and doing all the work. I felt silly trying to force myself to talk about myself since she never asked me anything. She was completely passive.

Instead of me saying “do you mind asking about me”, I figure that would just kill the vibe and so I just unmatched. First time ever doing that.

I think she was one of those women who thinks by virtue of being a woman, she’s more important, and as a guy I’m supposed to do all the work, cater, and bow to her. Just a hunch..."
Bumble,"Accidental Right Swipe Mini-rant... I wish the swipe sensors weren’t so sensitive. 😅 I was looking through a profile while holding my phone with one hand and accidentally swiped right. I wish you could go to a screen, review your right swiped profiles, and edit your response if needed."
Bumble,"Bumble. What is it good for? Like seriously.  I (29f, unfortunately straight, not even pansexual) have better conversations with guys on Hinge that last about a day or less than on there.  I just don't get it. The point of the stupid app is to chat with someone who is interested in you based on your pictures and the corny open stated sentences and I'm on there liking and reaching out and I get nothing. 

I'm ready to delete, you have better chances in tindr to at least bs with another person for like half a day until they get their one-night stand with you. At least its some action than none.

Even reflecting back on it, even my experiences and the guys I've met on there have been situations that are clearly red flags. Like one dude still was clearly on a break with his girl and I still slept with him. And another guy tried to woo me over with how he ""loves Japanese culture"" (I'm half Japanese American) and couldn't name one fucking thing that was remotely of my culture. 

I'm just done and maybe I should be posted this on offmychest reddit tread, but wanted to vent. I've had it with my dating life and bumble isn't helping.

Please give me your insight, my fellow rddditors. Thanks."
Bumble,"Any insight on why guys say this? So this has happened to me multiple times.. 

After a first date (without me saying anything) as I’m leaving guys have said the whole “I’ve had a lot of fun tonight. I’d love to do it again” and I will tell them that I did too etc.

However their actions afterwards don’t show that. For example; I’ll reach out and they ghost, or I can clearly tell they are being nice and aren’t interested, etc. 

I also want to note that I never initiate the “i had fun, let’s do this again” bc I’m nervous IF I say it then it’s kinda like they have the obligation to say it back.

So I’m just curious why as a guy would you say that if you don’t mean it? I feel like there’s so many other ways to end the date. I only ask bc I’ve seen a pattern in my dates so I’m like is this normal?"
Bumble,"Am I shadowbanned? I’m getting no likes and matches since two weeks. Before you start asking if my profile or bio is the problem, this the second time I created an account and before that I received almost ten likes and three matches everyday. I just got myself Bumble Premium just to see if this would change something, but it actually did not.
Any advices?

P.S. I’m sorry for my bad grammar"
Bumble,"So I’ve had only 4 matchssince I downloaded the app Hi, like the title says I downloaded this app and got one match for somebody I know irl and have my number. We swiped right to each other because of that and we laughed about it, I’ve never been successful in the date game but is way easier for me in person, because body language and expressions but through message that’s a different beast I can never seen to spark a good conversation with no one and that’s all I’m looking for at this point, somebody to share some good talks about life and strange topics. 

Hahahahaha maybe I’m just weird af and I’m really out of place."
Bumble,"Is he interested? I went on a date yesterday and we spent about 3 hours doing drinks and talking. At the end he said he had a lot of fun and would love to see me again. I told him me too etc. (note he currently lives 1.5 hours away but is moving to the city I’m living around April) 

I sent him a text this morning asking if he made it back okay. I told him I had fun and that he should lmk if he’s visiting soon

He responded saying “hey I did thanks for asking. I also had fun and thanks for showing me  *insert the place where we got drinks*” 

I feel like he’s not interested since he didn’t respond to the part where I mentioned letting me know if he’s coming back up and didn’t really try to continue the convo. 

Thoughts?"
Bumble,"What preference should I be looking for? I have kids and I don’t want any more. I put that in my profile. I want to find a woman who doesn’t have/want kids, but is okay with me having kids (I’m aware how narrow this makes my playing field)

Anyway, I’ve only been swiping right on those who don’t list a preference. My thinking behind it is if they say they want kids then it means they want their own, and if they don’t want kids then it means they wouldn’t be okay with mine. 

What are everyone’s thoughts? Have I been doing it correctly? Any ladies here that fall into the category that I’m looking for? What do you put as your preference?"
Bumble,"Turning Travel Mode Off?? I can’t get travel mode to turn off. There doesn’t seem to be a manual “off” switch. It just lets you update where you’re traveling to and then automatically expires in six days. When I select the city I’m living in, it shows I’m there but in travel mode. Anyone know how to get it to go away?"
Bumble,"Questions and more questions So often when I (22m) match and chat with someone it goes good but if it seems to go to a dead end I ask an icebreaker kinda  question to keep things rolling and sometimes that can be frequent. I feel like if I don't ask the conversation will just die. 
So keep asking questions or should I sometimes let it reach that dead end and see if they keep it going?"
Bumble,"Is it possible I got banned for accidentally falsely reporting profiles? So on three separate occasions (I know, dumb) when I was trying to unmatch someone by swiping left on the conversation in the conversation lists window, I accidentally pressed the block and report button instead of the unmatch button. Each time I did this I got more nervous they were going to penalize me for falsely reporting profiles that didn't do anything wrong. Well, now my account of over 4 years was banned, as it doesn't let me past the login screen. Is it possible I was banned for repeated ""misuse"" of the report button?"
Bumble,"The learning of online dating Wow - I’ve been a week on bumble and learned so much. All the ladies like to hike, dogs and being active just to mention a few. So far so good.
But why the filter on many pics? Most is also great in informing me what they do not want from us guys. Where are the ladies who’s just looking for a regular guy who can be lazy on a Sunday like this? 

More fun ahead of me.... but in no way will I find anyone there, way to many demands 🤣"
Bumble,"How to ask big questions, artfully So I (52F) have two dealbreaker questions, and wondering how to phrase them nicely.    I try to ask these questions in a first phone call, but struggling to work into nicely, vs interrogation. 

Edit: Both topics are covered in my profile, but I want to make sure whoever I'm talking to hasn't skipped over or ignored.  Plus there's always the chance someone will say anything to get a date/sex. 

\-Where do you stand on Trump?   How do you feel about Trumpism?

\- What is your feeling about Covid?  (I'm trying to figure out how seriously or not the person is taking covid.)"
Bumble,"Deleted this App! After a few years being on and off Bumble, I have deleted it for the last time. Did I find someone, nope. 

I think this app is bullshit, its full of guys chasing women, and puts the ball so far into the woman's court its destroying its male users. I swipe carefully, reading profiles and looking at pictures, only swiping right on the women that I think show potential for being the long term partner I desire.

In return, I sit and wait for a mutual like, which rarely comes. When I do get a match, I have no way to stand out. I usually just get left as a match for 24 hours without a message and it expires. 

&amp;#x200B;

Id rather be alone, with my remaining sanity than on this shitty app again.

&amp;#x200B;

And for the people who are going to ask if Im ugly, Im not that bad. Im 5'10, 195lbs, can easily run or hike a mountain, Firefighter, and own a house."
Bumble,What have you learned about yourself since you’ve been on dating apps? I’m curious if being on dating apps has made you realize something about yourself you didn’t maybe realize before . Interested in reading answers :)
Bumble,"After the first date who should reach out first to say they had a good time? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/luwiox)"
Bumble,"Bumble is charging women more to see who likes them. UPDATE bumble said only android users have the $9.99 option has it has not updated the app on android only IOS. 



Two of my friends are on Bumble.  Yesterday we were all hanging out and my guy friend was telling me and my other friend who is a girl that he’s using bumble.  She says me too.  He opens it up and says oh I know this girl likes me, I said oh are you paying to see who likes you he said no.  So she opens hers and paid $7.99 for a week.  She went to see who liked her and it wasn’t showing her who liked her.  She just assumed she had to refresh the app.  As she refreshed it, it still wouldn’t show her what guys like her.  My guy friend said you have to pay $7.99 for a week, and she said I did.  He showed her that bumble told him in order to see his likes he needed to pay $7.99 for a week.  Then she goes back and sees bumble says if she wants to see who likes her she needs to pay for premium which is $17.99.

Why is bumble charging women more money to see who likes them than guys?

Tinder actually settled at age discrimination lawsuit because they were charging users over 30 more for some services.

“Tinder last week settled a class action lawsuit for $17.3 million over charging users 30 and older double the standard fee for one of its subscription services. The premium tier, called Tinder Plus and introduced in 2015, gave users perks like the ability to rewind swipes, more Super Likes, and the option to swipe for people located in other countries.”

https://www.theverge.com/2019/1/25/18197575/tinder-plus-age-discrimination-lawsuit-settlement-super-likes"
Bumble,"Anyone can randomly delete your account whenever they want and this app doesn’t care. If you live in a small town I hope everyone there likes you because the second someone sees your profile on Bumble and they say to themselves, ‘hm I know this guy, he isn’t my friend. Im reporting him.’ Then your account is permanently banned with no explanation. Bumble will not check to see if you have broken any community guidlines, they will just ban you. This app is awful and should be deleted by anyone who has it. Hoping the developers a shit day."
Bumble,"Can't upgrade Hey guys, so I'm trying to upgrade to activate boost. I got my card on me and i fill out the information and yet it wont let me click on ""Accept and Pay"" does anyone know how to trouble shoot this issue? 

(I don't use twitter btw)"
Bumble,"I'm waiting for the day I see my own profile posted here and berated in front of me. Not that it will happen, I don't think it's that controversial. But has it happened to anyone who reads this subreddit?"
Bumble,"I’m talking to a guy I’m not attracted to His vibe seemed chill so I swiped right. He only hit on me once in the beginning but in a joking way, since then we’ve been talking like friends...and I only see him as a friend.

We’ve snapped back and forth and his pictures don’t reflect his current look at all. He has a moustache and his hair is different and it’s bad to say this, but I don’t find him physically attractive at all but he’s nice. 

I guess I’m kinda nervous if we ever do meet up irl he’s gonna want sex eventually, and idk if I’m comfortable with that. 

Is it horrible that I swiped right on a him? Am I leading him on unintentionally?

Edit: he took it well lmaooo, now I have a smoking buddy yayy 🤘🌿"
Bumble,"Hey I was bored the other night so I decided to message 14 people I matched with “hey” to see if guys would respond to just a hey. I usually try to be more clever than just hey.

7 people responded and 7 people let it expire"
Bumble,"Confused and annoyed I downloaded Bumble a week ago. All went great, I matched with this super cute guy! We’ve been talking for the past seven days. However, every day he takes longer and longer to reply to my messages. Today he left me on read for eight hours straight. And to top it all off, he sends me a picture of him with a girl leaning her head on his shoulder. This isn’t a sister or cousin, by the way. If it was that would be incredibly weird (they were cuddling). What is the point of being on bumble if you’re already talking to someone? Why waste my time?"
Bumble,"I feel like I need “dating app 101” Specifically Bumble. I’m a guy looking for other guys and just don’t have experience with dating apps.. and dating in general. Lol. 

Anyone willing to share some tips, things I need to know or to just be aware of? 

Thanks so much!"
Bumble,"I think I swipe left too much I’m probably being too picky, but I find myself swiping left on women who don’t have any information about themselves other than pictures, something about what they put in their profile may raise a personality flaw (I had a like demand that I be a regular church goer, devoted father to our future 3 kids, etc), they may not meet my preferences (they are single moms), but feel the MAIN reason I pass, is for women I perceive to be “out of my league.”  Granted, I do not swipe everyday and I have yet to match with those that I have swiped, but it seems like for my area that are tons of great accomplished, career oriented women out there which is whom I would hope to attract one day.

I have no experience in the dating realm, and the whole point of creating my profile was to make connections and to gain experience and be more comfortable interacting with women even online, not that I am a shy man. I’ve been so focused on pursuing my goals whether it be health, career, and financial that I haven’t put myself out there.

Put it this way, I am an average dude, in terms of my social status, although I’m working towards improving that, because I’m not satisfied (I realize that is not everything to being fulfilled). It’s kind of embarrassing to admit that I’m in my 30s and not there yet, but I feel like I’m just wasting my time and that most women won’t take me seriously anyway because of that.

Thoughts on that?"
Bumble,"To my shallow people Are there any shallow people out there who turned it around or grew out of it?

Please tell me your story, when did you see a change if any at all? We're there any external influences that caused the change? 

Not asking for a friend, please advise"
Bumble,"Plenty of matches no dates 50+ Matches, No Dates. I Don’t Get It

I downloaded bumble last week and I have around 80 connections all with 7-9 quality women. Some will initiate conversation first others will never talk. Seems promising right? Wrong. After a few exchanges, the women just quit talking to me. Or if I ask them out I get the typical I’m busy or no response. Is it me? Am I that boring or a person?"
Bumble,"Hot take / unpopular opinion about profile reviews Dating has become extremely Competitive just like the job, housing or any market these days. Being average is not enough anymore. Not being ugly is not enough anymore. Not being unemployed is not enough anymore.  

Harsh but true.  

I see so many profile reviews where the guy is not ugly or anything but looks dead average either due to genetic limitations or from carrying a few extra pounds or a bad hairdo or bad gloomy pics in general. 

Yet all the advice being given to them is on the lines of be quirky be confident and none of that ever works. 

Because now you are competing with near model looking guys on these apps so your nice warm pics though nice are not gonna make the cut. 

OLD is like a resume. In your resume I see your skills and degrees. In OLD I see your pics. Rest of the blabber is secondary and often irrelevant. 

Be your best physical self before bothering with these apps if you want someone high quality and lasting. It is mind boggling that this opinion gets down voted for highlighting how people behave online."
Bumble,"first match, I'm kinda intimidated so just kind of a rant Created my account yesterday and got my first match today. Just said ""hey there"" after the girl I matched with simply said ""Hi"" and pretty much immediately went downhill.

She said to come up with a better line and then started talking about how I wasn't even trying to answer her messages even though we've barely exchanged a couple msgs at this point. Started to go off about all how the guys wouldn't even swipe right, or compliment her when they matched, saying how she had self esteem issues and this app made her feel terrible.

I tried telling her not to worry about the opinions of strangers on the internet and to not judge her own appearance on some guy on the internet and it just got worse as she just said I wasn't helping and what I was saying was not nice. Eventually asked ""what would you have rather wanted me to say?"" and she just said that if I was a human being I would have showed emotion through text. As if I could just inject emotions into words on a screen...

Happened over a couple minutes and came to end with ""don't talk to me anymore"" and I just said ""alright.""

Dunno if I'm overreacting a little but damn I feel so confused, what did she even want me to do there? Just start off by throwing compliments at her without saying anything else as if the only thing I wanted was to get in bed with her? Dunno if I should of just kept my mouth shut and not said anything about her issues with the app. Felt like she only swiped right on me cuz she swiped right on anyone in order to just get matches and compliments to boost her own self esteem, even threw in some hidden jabs like ""better looking guys won't even swipe right on me or match with me and don't even respond, just treat me like a Joke."" I'm not great looking but not terrible either but damn, no need to talk down on me and bring down my self esteem too when I'm just trying to tell you not to worry about the opinions of some strangers on an app.

Had it in my bio, just wanted to chat some cuz I didn't really know what I was doing but I had no one to talk to. Guess I got more than I asked for, being forced into an almost counselor role for this girl 5 years older than me when I was just trying to build a relationship slowly for the first time. Guess I shouldn't have expected too much from a dating app but damn.

Anyways sorry for the wall of text, don't even know if anyone will read all of this, but hope this isn't the only swipe I ever get or that all my others will follow a similar path."
Bumble,"Do I unmatch at this point? Matched with this super sweet guy a few weeks ago, really seemed to click with this one. We talked for a few days, and at the time, both of us were having issues with receiving notifications. He apologized for responding super slow, and we ultimately said goodnight to each other. After that, radio silence!

It's been about a week and a half, I sent him two messages, one including my phone number and snap because the app was broken and I'm over it. I don't want to be *that* guy who jumps to conclusions or anything, and I do find it a little odd he was so apologetic about not responding, then never says anything again the very next day.

At what point do you unmatch or mark it up as ghosting?  
Edit: he deleted his account. guess there's my answer :/ thank you to everyone for your help &lt;3"
Bumble,"A simple ""Hi' would suffice too.. I'm a guy and I've Been on bumble for some time now. I get rarely matches but the annoying thing is that when I do get a match, I get no response (Since the women have to make the first move) and the match expires after 24hrs. I mean, why match in the first place if you're not going to message.   


This has happened repeatedly."
Bumble,"Accidental super swipe... Just accidentally super swipes when I meant to scroll down on a profile I saw for 2 seconds.  Oops!

Kinda ticked there is no undo.  Oh well!  Maybe she won’t be interested and it won’t matter.

Anyone have a fun story about an accidental swipe?"
Bumble,"I’m scared So lately I’ve been messaging this girl on bumble, she asked me to perform sexual acts before dating or getting to know her, she’s much older than me. After a while it still feels sketchy, but I continued to go a long with it, she gives me her phone number and we continue to text from there. I kept checking her profile on bumble and i noticed that her location kept getting closer to mine every day. Today i declined her offer, she then stated my full name which i never gave out. And asked where she got the name, she said it was the caller id. 

Right now as I’m typing she then says goodbye 641, those are my address numbers, I asked where she got those numbers and said that she was scaring me. She told me to leave her alone and said that I was scaring her saying phrases that contained words that were correlated to my street address. I’m shaking as i type this and I’m terrified."
Bumble,"Swipe right on Indian men Ladies on Bumble, how often do you swipe right on Indian men? 
What makes you to swipe left ?"
Bumble,"Guy unmatch after convo n swapping numbers? Why did he do that, I can no longer see his profile :o"
Bumble,Does Bumble automatically use facebook profile pictures when creating a new account? Checking in order to know if my partner was Bumbling behind my back
Bumble,"Does anyone actually use Bumble BFF? Just got out of a relationship and I’m really not looking for anything, but meeting new people would be fun. Does anyone actually use Bumble just to make new friends or would I be wasting my time?"
Bumble,I paid the weekly tax but nothing changed Anyone has experienced this before? I just paid the weekly tax to have unlimited swipes and see people who has liked me in the beeline but both still not working... when I try to subscribe again it shows that I’m already subscribed! What I need to do? I’m been scam or what?
Bumble,"How exactly does the beeline work? Live in a moderate sized city (700k people).  I have my age ranges from 24-32.  I currently have 5 girls in my beeline.  I have gone through ALL available people.  I change the age range to 29-33.  It says I have 2 in the beeline.  Swipe through all the people, stays at 2.  I switch the ages back to 24-32.  back up to the same 5.

Are these people just fake or something?  Is this just bumble trying to get you to pay money?"
Bumble,"Does anyone else get a disproportionate amount of skiing girls? Like, I'm not saying that's a bad thing or anything, but there arent even any mountains near where I live but a third of the accounts I see the majority of the photos they have are of them skiing..."
Bumble,"Charming West London feminists &amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/kk3hso2muwj61.png?width=1170&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=afa176847f24625fbfd1bd98145f99085e322550"
Bumble,"Ladies, do you wait until they extend the time? I have matched with quite a few guys but more than half don't even reply back to the first message. It's always a thoughtful, individual one; sometimes flirty, sometimes playful, but never just ""hi."" The rest of them usually respond with minimal effort and I find myself carrying the convo. The handful that have continued, have all dropped off at random (but shockingly early on). 

Now, it would seem to indicate that I am just not that interesting but I've never had this problem on other platforms. I find there is a good mix of conversationalists and I can easily get a good back and forth flowing with those who match effort.

Question #1 - because ladies are sending the first message, do you think bumble attracts men who are only willing to do the bare minimum? 

Question #2 - since so many messages go unanswered, do you wait until they extend the time to really gauge genuine interest?

Question #3 - do your response rates vary depending on if you send a tailored message vs hi? Is it worth it?


I'm not interested in wasting my time and that's all I seem to be doing. I have always responded to any match I've made so I am super disappointed by the lack of common courtesy. I'd like to put something in my profile that says if you're interested, extend the time and I'll send a thoughtful message your way. It could potentially weed out those who swipe on everybody, don't read profiles or aren't that interested to begin with. But I feel like those who took the time to read it would just be put off by basically side-stepping the very reason we're on this site to begin with. It just seems like a lose/lose."
Bumble,"Feeling bad about myself? I feel upset going on bumble and insecure about my self -image/ looks. Should I just delete the account? People ignore me, do not respect me and I feel just use me for shits and giggles.

&amp;#x200B;

I wish people understood that I mean this. I really don't deserve to feel this way."
Bumble,"Contrary to popular opinion on here, approaching a stranger and saying “hey / how are you” is clumsy and ineffective in real life AND on dating apps... I often see folks on here claiming that this is a “normal” opener in real life... I’ve lived in global metropolises all my life and in my experience, if the average person walked up to the average stranger at a bar (or other “meet market” venue) and opened with “hey / how are you”, the other person would look at them like a weirdo/creep and hope they got to the point ASAP. 

I think people who think this opener is actually normal and effective in real life are either:

1) living in an alternate universe than me, 

2) don’t actually have substantial experience with initiating conversations with strangers (in a romantic and/or sexual context) that actually go somewhere, or 

3) use the “hey is a normal opener” assumption to rationalize the actual truth — that they’re too lazy/indifferent/entitled/inexperienced to know or want to do better, and come up with simple and unique openers that are 10x more likely to spark an actual conversation (instead of hoping the other person does this work for them).

“Hey / how are you” is a salutation, not a conversation starter. And both in real life and on dating apps, opening with an actual conversation starter is actually the “normal” thing to do.

Just my two cents."
Bumble,"Does anyone have advice on what pics I should take? Profile Pics Without Leaving the House

Does anyone have advice for taking pics under the constraints of taking the pics without leaving my house, taking them tonight, and being my own photographer?

I've read that the first pic should be a head shot, the 2nd pic should be a body shot, and the 3rd pic should be you pursuing a hobby.

Having said that, Bumble requires 6 pics, right?  So what could the other pics be?  I was thinking I could screenshot myself in an MS Teams call for one.

Does anyone have experience taking bodyshots with a mirror?  Or taking pictures that some way relate with how you anticipating answering one of the prompts that goes above the pics.

Thanks for reading"
Bumble,"Holding dating apps accountable When will we start holding dating apps accountable. A CDC report shows that STDs have been increasing at an alarming rate since 2014. [CDC report](https://www.cdc.gov/std/stats18/default.htm)

2014 is precisely the time dating apps came on the dating scene. Here are some facts:

-Chlamydia up 19% since 2014
-Congenital syphilis (babies born with syphilis) up 185% since 2014

This is unlikely a random coincidence. Dating apps have changed modern dating culture and made relationships more transient. It would be okay if people as a whole were truly happier and more content but that does not sound like its the case either. 

I believe we will look back in the future on these versions of the apps we are using and be shocked at how rudimentary they were. What are some of the ways the apps can improve? 

I think for starters they can nudge people of the app when they have started conversations with one or a few people or nudge people to pause their accounts rather than continue allowing ‘likes’ to come in. The app makers need an incentive when people make a connection on the app. Right now, the incentives of the app makers are not aligned with most people on the apps.

Would love to hear other ideas."
Bumble,"How old are profiles on Bumble? I was swiping on Bumble today and to my surprise saw a profile of an executive at my company who announced last year that he had been engaged. To my knowledge he’s still engaged and possibly now married, so now I’m wondering if Bumble tries to boost its user base by counting inactive users. Which inflates the number of potential matches we have that we waste time swiping endlessly on profiles that are not even in market."
Bumble,attractive men wya? truly an honest question not tryna be conceited... maybe my type is just a diamond in the rough. any gals have this problem? sometimes i think maybe it’s my location but then that’s kind of silly...
Bumble,"Am I the only one who finds it cringeworthy when a woman says ""oh my god, your so tall, I can wear heels with you, I love that about you"" Like WTF?!. I am not a prop for you to have during a cocktail party. Like a handbag or a pearl necklace. I totally understand the gifted privilege that it is to be tall due to the shallow level of women on online dating apps. However I find that women speak this statement while on dates all the time as if there's some sort of merit to it. 

Because I am sure if my response was ""you have a nice set of legs that I can show off at the beach"" there would be a look of disgust from the girl, or I would have women left and right telling me that I should stop saying this. 

So here's a PSA for all you women who claim that having a tall man is a must. Stop saying this nonsense. You are literally saying that you want to use this guy specifically for the minority time that you're in heels. 

Newsflash! Nobody cares if you're taller than your date wearing heels. Especially us men. And let's be honest how many cocktail parties and events are you really going to go to where it matters that much? Don't reduce us (men who happen to be tall) to being your accessories.

Because you sound like hypocrites. And it takes away from any of the times that you are calling men out for saying superficial reductive statements about women."
Bumble,"My match takes forever to text Hey everyone,

I was finally able to get a match where we actually had a decent conversation. I then decided to pop the question and ask her on a date and she said yes and she told me she would get back to me tomorrow (this was asked yesterday). Today she said ‘Hey’ to me and I said it back asking how her day was and she wrote a good paragraph about her day which I found interesting to read. I then text her back about my day and ask her if she is still down to go out and I have not gotten a response yet. It’s been 5 hours since that conversation. What does this mean? Is she still interested or should I just move on? I’m trying to respect her space an not constantly message her but I just got stuck with a slow tester."
Bumble,"Have had nothing but dissappointment on bumble until my latest match, hoping things go well🤞🏻 I've had some interesting dates stemming from other apps, but for some reason my bumble matches have always been the worst. Ranging from days to weeks of chemistry followed by ghosting, being stood up for dates, and even just good old-fashioned incompatibility and deal breakers have this far been the tune of my Bumble experience. Going on a date with a match and for once, I'm honestly kind of excited. There seems to be chemistry, and she seems down to earth and really nice. Part of me doesn't want to get hopes up, but for once, I think I've actually found a solid match on bumble. Anyway, just wanted to share my excitement of actually finding a legitimate match that will at least result in a date, and who knows, maybe more."
Bumble,"Someone asked to me meet me and the notification came up in my phone but when I Opened the app I couldn’t find it? Where do I find this info, please and thank you!!"
Bumble,"Letting someone down easy I had a date the other night. Nice woman, but I came away not feeling attracted to her. Afterward, I get this Bumble message from her  saying, ""So what do reckon is there a spark?"" What's a gentle way of telling her, I'm not interested?"
Bumble,"FB “People you may know” I don’t, but I do Honest opinions

I Never dm random chicks I don’t know nor do I add them.

Getting all these women across my FB feed and I definitely would like to know one of them

Suggestions? Shoot the shot or na"
Bumble,"Is the Bumble algorithm poorly designed I’m a pretty average looking guy. On Tinder, I get a steady stream of likes and matches. I know for a fact that I am not ugly. However, on Bumble, I’m lucky if I get more than 5 likes, even after repeatedly deleting and recreating my account. Have other people experienced the Bumble algorithm being unreasonable compared to other apps, Tinder especially?"
Bumble,"Wasting my time or not? Hey All,

For reference, I'm an attractive women that's 35 and I've been chatting with a guy that's 43 - who is nice looking. We both seem to have our stuff together - our profiles are verified, but as it's early and I don't usually exchange info (last names) until I meet and person, so that's all I know.

I matched with a guy last Saturday, we've been texting each day, albeit not all day (lives/work), but he's consistent in texting (I mean anyone can be). I'm not interested in a pen pal, nor am I interested in talking to someone that lives in my same city without meeting face-to-face. I like to meet the person in real life at least a week maximum two (if we're busy) after matching, it could be coffee/dinner/whatever. But I'm not looking for catfishes, old photos, weird quirks, being back burner. I'd rather be alone fwiw =)

The guy knows this and I've mentioned I'm free this Sunday and he's said he'd like to meet but crickets, no plans - confirmation and its Friday. That's a red flag for me. I told him he could call me and he never has, just texting. red flag. Before I send the - I'm not looking to text someone only message, I think we should end communication - anyone been through this?

Your thoughts - am I being too rigid?"
Bumble,"Just why? Why do you match and not speak? This app is so annoying. It's hard enough for two people to swipe on each other (like picking the same card out of the deck) and then no message.

Grr"
Bumble,"Why are you all so judgy on here? I always see posts like “I *cant* believe this person said this!!!” And it’s just them saying “I don’t want to date” or “I want to fuck trump supporters.”

They are literally communicating their actual desires. What do you want them to do? Say they want something deep and meaningful and then lure you in and laugh as they hit it and leave? Which is what I am sure 50% of the people on here who say they want a relationship want to do anyways."
Bumble,"Ghost notifications I’ve had it twice today where I get a notification, but when I open the app 👻 ... nothing new..


Anyone else get this?"
Bumble,What do guys wanna see when a woman first messages you? I noticed a lot of my guy friends say a girl would message them “hey what’s up” or “how are you?” Is that suffice? The guys that I matched with I’d try to say something funny or playful/flirty but not sure if guys feel like that’s coming on to strong?
Bumble,"bumble for 3 months and no matches? So i havent got any matches yet.... and i know im really ugly and subhuman but I thought someone would maybe give me a chance on this app... 

im really stupid too, and i noticed when i look at girls profiles, they have all these question and answer things.... but on my own, i never even got a prompt to fill that kind of stuff out? 

How do i add more things to my profile so maybe one day a girl notices i exist?"
Bumble,"I have the free version and randomly seem to have unlimited swipes? Is this a glitch? I'm used to the swipe limits with the free version, but today I reached my limit, then came back to the app a bit later and noticed I was able to swipe again ad infinitum. Is this a glitch? Are the swipes I'm making registering, or are they going to be deleted or something by Bumble, since technically I'm past my limit."
Bumble,"Is bumble a numbers game? So, I’m now seeing the success of dating (whichever definition you may have) purely as a numbers game

For example

I swiped right to almost 80% of the ladies in my city. Had 60 or so match. Of such, just 25 messaged me. Of that 15 did not continue convo. The remaining 10 were a mix of eternal texters, too busy, etc.

Finally got 3 dates, one canceled last minute, one didn’t get back to me after agreeing and have one for tomorrow.

So out of the universe of 60 matches, just one date and the chances of this going well and having second are probably 50 percent.

In sum, how can I not see this as a numbers game. It is Damn exhausting all the initial effort for such poor end results

Am I alone in this, I’m a 5 of 10 so not hideous but no model at all"
Bumble,What is the best opener you used so far? Text your best opener/first message below!
Bumble,"How much nerdy jokes can I get away with? A little context maybe: Tabletop RPGs and writing /world building are likely my biggest (if not only) passion. I definitely would want my SO to share that, to some degree at least 

Now I am unsure how much of that I should include in my potential bio. Should I mention it, should I make references along the lines of ""Paladin looking for his missing party member"" or should I leave it out completely? 

And what balance between that and my other interests should I strike? I don't want to overdo it obviously and make my bio so long that no one wants to read through it 

I appreciate your help"
Bumble,"Men, how unusual was my experience? Hi guys, looking for some insight on my experience. 

A single friend of mine has been really down on himself lately, so about 3 months ago I convinced him to put himself back out there and try OLD. He's had a few matches but none have materialized into dates. Decent looking guy with a steady job, and no problems talking to women from what I've seen over a long friendship.

I tried giving him some advice. He got mad and said I don't know what I'm talking about (which is fair, I've never tried OLD). He said I should see what its like for myself and try bumble. I felt like an asshole so I agreed and gave it a shot for two days. 

This was my experience: I swiped on roughly 60 women - all were age appropriate, had similar education and career levels to me, and all were attractive. I matched with about 45 and started conversations. By the end of day two, 8 or 9 women gave me their number and 5 asked me on a date/meet up.

I'm guessing I had some ""new here"" luck, but is that really as unusual as some people in this sub make it seem? Have any of you had similar results?"
Bumble,"Advice on how to keep a conversation going? So I’ve been talking to this guy on bumble for literally almost a month now. 

He’s really cool and we share similar interests, but he’s a horrible texter. 100% of the time, it’s only me asking him open ended questions and questions in general. 

The thing is, he replies really thoroughly and it seems like he really likes talking to me. Like tonight I asked him a question and before replying he said “commonredditorr! Nice to hear from you :)” but then again it’s been weeks and he hasn’t asked for my snap or insta.

Sometimes he even sends one word responses. Like, how am I supposed to work with that?

TLDR: need advice on how to keep the conversation going with a VERY dry texter"
Bumble,"Thought I’d give y’all a good laugh at the coffee meet up I just went on with one of my matches So we matched like two weeks ago and finally met up today. We just went to a dog park and walked around and he brought us a coffee. He was cute, and it was a nice walk, but I literally couldn’t remember how to form sentences. Luckily he caught on that I was suddenly 100% mute and he made sure to do most of the talking so we didn’t wander for almost an hour in dead silence, but I suddenly couldn’t remember how to speak and just slightly grunted in response to some of the things he said. He’s going to visit his family this weekend and said, “I’ll let you know when I come back into town” but I’m one million percent positive he will not text me again. It’s a bummer but I’m also cracking up and hopefully it gives some of you a chuckle."
Bumble,Has anyone ever successfully hit if off with someone from another country while using the “travel” feature on bumble? Did you ever fly to to the country to meet the person physically?
Bumble,How do I cancel my membership? How do I cancel my membership? They make it hard so u keep paying.
Bumble,"The Clingy type 🙄 How do you all deal with someone that appears to be clingy? I matched with someone last week. So far we’ve been texting and chatting by phone and it’s been cool but now I’m getting random text msgs at random hours of the day &amp; night. This person also stated she works two jobs and I work one job but lot of hours so both of us being busy doesn’t bother me but she said she don’t have any hobbies which for me I have a ton of hobbies and always active and busy doing something. 

I totally understand she wants to get to know me and I want to get to know her as well but not rush into anything but I can feel the “she might be the clingy type” setting in and I don’t do well with women that are clingy.

Thoughts?"
Bumble,"Advice... So I’ve been messaging this girl for a few days now she’s really nice, the conversation has been alright nothing major, just typical “getting to know each other stage” just asking like work or school life. We both take a while to text back and I’m not sure how to continue a conversation going we mostly talk about our day and that’s it, idk if I should ask for her Snapchat or Instagram, or take her out somewhere because tbh I’m better in person, I suck at messaging people. Any advice?"
Bumble,"Snooze mode-Bumble Support Hey all, I know this has been asked but I wanted to get clarification from Bumble about Snooze mode and feel I am left with more questions than answers. I just copied the email text (misspellings and all):

Me:  Hello! I am trying to understand Snooze mode better. I like only have a few matches at a time so I put snooze on. However my question is if swipe on someone then put snooze on, do they still have the option to see my profile or does it disappear from all potential matches. I don't want them to match then expire. Thanks! 

Bumble support: 
Thank you for your email, if yu swipe right on a profile and then place your profile into Snooze mode it is possible for that user to see you in the app and swipe to match. You may not be alerted to them until leaving Snooze mode however.

Please let us know if there is anything else we can help you with.

Me: 
Thank you. I still don't think my original question was answered. So if I swipe on someone then I go into snooze mode, and if they can see my profile, and I am not alerted to the match, does that mean when I go out of snooze mode they will all be expired? 


Also I thought my profile is not available to be matched while in Snooze. 


Thanks! I am trying to understand the function better.

Bumble: If you swipe on someone and then enter snooze mode but are yet to match with them then your profile will not be visible to them until you leave snooze mode.

I hope this was helpful.

Bumble Feedback Team

Can anyone more clearly answer my question?"
Bumble,When do you prefer to unmatch after exchanging numbers? Immediately? Or after the first date? I find it a little weird that some women unmatch me right after we start texting. Sometimes I want to look at your pics real quick without having to creepily ask for some. What about you guys?
Bumble,BFF connect asked for job? I’m looking for some opinions as to how weird this is. I connected with someone on BFF mode. In our first connection they said they’re just looking for a job. I find that really inappropriate. What do you say?
Bumble,"Seeing multiple people? Hey everyone, 

I was curious to get your input on how you feel about seeing multiple people at the same time. 

Personally, Ill talk to multiple on the app, but once I meet someone, ill only see her until we decide it doesnt work and then ill move on to the next. I actually do like to know if the person Im seeing is seeing others (some say I have a right to know, others say the opposite), as I dont like having to compete for a woman's attention. Ill thank them for being honest and Ill wish them the best, but Ill unmatch and find someone else who doesnt do this kind of casual dating.

&amp;#x200B;

Do you guys care when the other person is seeing others? Am I a bad guy for how I feel about it?"
Bumble,"Don't know what to do? Chatted with a girl for a good hour the other night about random stuff. She seems legit and nice. At the end, we said we could meet up sometime this week and she gave me her number and I texted her and we said goodnight.

&amp;#x200B;

The next afternoon she texted me and we chatted a bit about our day but I was working and tired and asked her how she was doing but we never talked about making plans.

&amp;#x200B;

Now it's two days later and we haven't texted.

&amp;#x200B;

She seems fine but I don't know what to ask her out for. I'm just doing things at home and am not so motivated to meet people."
Bumble,"How do you disengage from people? I’m new to Bumble and OLD generally. You know what? Let’s just say I’m new to dating, period.

After a week or so of enthusiastically swiping away on this and Hinge, I am a bit overwhelmed by the number of connections I’ve made and find that I just don’t have the mental or emotional bandwidth to keep up with the number of conversations I have going. For most, I’m just not interested in pursuing things romantically, even though the conversation has been fun. I’ve said on my profile that I’m looking for friendships, and maybe a friendship that could lead to something more. 

How do I disengage without just ghosting? Especially for the people that I’ve already had or agreed to have video chats with, or even an in-person (covid-safe!) meeting? Are there any ideas people have for how to tell someone you’re not interested in pursuing things farther in a way that A) doesn’t sound presumptuous, like I assume they must be romantically invested in me, on some level; and B) minimizes hurt feelings, if they are?

I’m a couple months single after a multi-year relationship; is that a fair thing to say, that I got into OLD too soon after the end of my relationship and amn’t ready to take things farther then they’ve already gone? Yeah, I think I’ll go with that. Thoughts?

And going forward, once I start swiping again, I need to not over swipe, and be more intentional and deliberate about who I swipe on, right? I had kind of figured that the match rate would be low (and it is) so I swiped right on a lot of people, but the number of matches is still more than I can handle. How do you deal with that, and not end up feeling underwater?"
Bumble,"anyone find it annoying how you can’t make the age filter lower than a certain number? lemme explain below i have my filter set from 18-22, but i want it set from 18-20 but it won’t go lower than 22. i wish we could change this"
Bumble,"How worth it are boosts? My likes have been very slow of late, and I’m thinking about possibly getting some boosts to help get them back up. How effective are boosts normally? Do they actually result in more likes and matches?"
Bumble,"Ladies: Would you swipe left or right if a guy is super fit? Ladies: if you see a profile of a very fit man,  do you swipe left because you are intimidated/uninterested/think he is a meathead, or do you swipe right because that attracts you? 

Obviously gym selfies or bathroom shirtless selfies are a hard pass. But what about a good photo from a sporting event or photoshoot of a man without a shirt on? 

Can the first profile photo be a shirtless photo?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lreydu)"
Bumble,How would you like a girl to start the conversation? I’m always constantly wondering how most guys would like an introduction from a girl that has absolutely no idea what else to say but “hi” lmk
Bumble,"Everyone is there for just validation For a guy who gets close to 10 matches a day, I’ve been struggling to convert them into dates.

Every girl wants to just text for a while and when I propose a date, usually by my fifth message, they’re like “I’d like to get to know you better first”. And that’s where our conversation dies.

As a guy I know women will just go meet someone without these rules if they really are interested.

As a guy who’s not into knowing people over texts thing, this is just becoming annoying and I feel like I’m done with these apps.

Do you really want to text for days before meeting the other person irl? 

To me it just feels like proposing a date makes the other person validated and that’s it.

Anyone else feel the same thing? 

P.S. never really cared about online dating, but thanks COVID."
Bumble,"[Mod Approved originally on 10/30/20] Earn $10 by participating in a dating study for individuals with a mental health condition. Are you currently in an established romantic relationship of a year or longer? Do you have a mental health condition that affects your everyday life? Mental health issues can include coping with depression, anxiety, posttraumatic stress, eating disorders or other mental health conditions.

The Clinical-Community Psychology Research Group at Bowling Green State University is interested in talking with adults about their dating relationships when a person is living with a mental health condition. Participants will meet one time in a small group (4 – 6 people) using video conferencing software for 60 to 90 minutes. 

If you live in the United States, have been in a committed relationship for at least one year, have a mental health condition, are an adult (≥ 18 years), and are willing to discuss your experiences, please email bgsudatingstudy@gmail.com for more information about the research project."
Bumble,"Bumble withholding likes until your premium expires? So I got the premium version, got a couple of likes and then boom nothing for a couple weeks.

As soon as the premium expires, I wake up to six likes... Literally the next day. And of course they’re blurred out so I need to pay again to see them.

Is this some kind of tactic they’re pulling?"
Bumble,"Relationship SHOPPING!! I just think it’s so wild how we live in a day and age where relationships have become so disposable. If you don’t find your perfect somebody or if you’re just easily unsatisfied, no worries we can just keep swiping and swiping and swiping... I think it’s become quite toxic to an extent. Don’t get me wrong I am on Bumble often myself but I’m realizing what it’s doing to our brain chemistry. Stay humble, realize you won’t find perfect, and love is sacred. ❤️"
Bumble,"Are dating apps making us robot? (or are they a sign we already are...) I know that dating apps have become so normalized that meeting a women in person of now the exception.

I have nothing against dating app per se, if you lived in a remote area and you never saw anyone you wanted to meet then ok.

But if you live in a city, you see cute girls all the time, I mean, lets be honest, how many girls have you checked out in the last week...

If you could talk to people freely and on top of it you still wanted to use apps then still fine by me, but that does not seem to be case.

Which makes me wonder, isn't it sad for our society that we are at a place where people feel so alienated to each other than they prefer to meet each other through the interface of a mobile app instead of talking to each other directly.

Now I know that it's intimating, I am not saying it's easy and this post is not about how to do it, it is just an observation that something seems wrong.

This video bellow goes into more detail laying down the arguments and providing context but curious to hear what you think, especially if you disagree. I hope everyone is well, good luck out there :)

[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=freyUhSW3kI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=freyUhSW3kI)"
Bumble,What are you go to first date? Say you are meeting up with someone you meet online. What would you want to do for a first date?
Bumble,"How to reset bumble My likes have been really slow of late, and I think I might be shadowbanned. If this is the case, how can I rectify it?"
Bumble,"It’s the little things. I’ve had such sweet dates the last 2 weeks. 

Guys - you’re doing a great job. 

Holding open doors. Not accepting the offer to split the bill. Waiting for me to start my car before you leave me alone in a parking lot. Giving notice if you’re running a little late. Keeping up excellent conversation and not reaching for your phone. Texting after the date to follow up. Not getting weird and awkward about a first kiss (I just met you, and it’s a pandemic, let’s hug the first few meets)
I AM SO IMPRESSED. 

Ok ladies - start asking men you’re interested in, out on dates. They will say yes. 

Also, start giving more compliments. 
You’re so handsome. It looks like you spend a lot of time taking care of yourself. You have such nice eyes. You have a beautiful smile. You look like you could protect me if we were in a bad spot. 

How many swipe notes have you gotten? Several? Return the favor, if a man looks good, tell him! It will make his day. *TINDER USERS*

Someone have something about their school or job that’s interesting? Ask them about it! 

There are so many decent people out here, start the conversation and have a blast."
Bumble,"Girls using covid as an excuse to not meet Im sure some of you have experienced this. Whereas before bumble was full of penpals, it is now astronomical. This is getting beyond frustrating. ‘we’ll meet when public health gives the green light but until then lets just text for now’. Or some if you even mention meeting up theyre like ‘wtf dont you know its a pandemic’ then unmatch right away."
Bumble,"Loosing matches Hello, i am very new to Bumble and have a question regarding matches and filters.
So i had my first match two days ago. Today i was swiping through some profiles and realized that most of those where over a 100km away, so i changed the filter down to 50km. Later i changed this filter back to normal and realised that my match was gone.
So my question is, if you can loose matches by changing the filter (as i said i made the filter to 50km but my match was about 70km away) or did she just unmatch me?

Thanks in advance! (Sorry for some linguistically errors, i am not a native speaker)"
Bumble,Why hasn't she started the convo back up I've been talking to this girl for about 2 and half week for about 2-3 hours a day 2 days ago i wanted to see if she'd start the convo because i always start them (even the first 1 because she hit me with a wave) and I've got nothing back did i do something wrong?
Bumble,"Does anyone else Enjoy swiping till the end on bumble and tinder and not getting any matches for months I think its time to delete these and end up sad and lonely for the rest of my life, ive have been on both of them for over a year now, and havent had 1 meaningful match that has turned out to more then a couple days of talking and on to the next it is. I think its time to consider myself “forever alone”"
Bumble,"Im either a genius or an idiot &amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/wjxk2ydaz0j61.jpg?width=720&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=af7443f315a4894f8e48dfa621c43405590150d3"
Bumble,"Ghost Alerts? What's up with those? For context: I'm a straight, single dude.

Bumble has been continually notifying me of new messages and matches, only for me to open the app and see nothing new. I'm also getting a lot of random strings of matches that don't bother to message me.

In under 24 hours, I matched with a girl on OK Cupid, I asked a few questions, but only received one-word answers, so I asked her, ""What about you, what questions and conversations do you have for me?"" She replied, ""None because you communication is sparse."" (Yes, ""you,"" not your.)

Am I missing something? Is there something I can do to get people to message me?"
Bumble,"Need some help with a bio Hi all 

I've recently made a Bumble profile, but I feel my bio is a little underwhelming. As it is, it goes, ""Bookworm. Enjoys cooking. If my cat likes you we can go straight to the second date 😊"". I feel like this is a bit too short and not quite the right tone. Any advice/help would be appreciated!"
Bumble,NJ/NY Anyone else hate that these apps don't have borders by state? I'm from NJ and an overwhelming amount  of people are from NY no matter how small the radius is.
Bumble,"I don't hate Bumble per se' (M 40s Chicagoland area)

I have to say. I have tried most of the main online dating apps and for whatever reason Bumble seems to be the one that works the least for me. I might have went on 1 date on Bumble compared to 8 on Match, 2 on OKC, and 4 on Hinge. At least 2 of the women I met on Match I also liked on Bumble. 

On top of that I have had more conversations and less ghosting on the other apps. And while I am not a 6' 2' muscle bound stud, I am 5' 9"" in shape and decent looking. I wouldn't expect EVERYONE to like me but there seems to be something off when using Bumble compared to the others."
Bumble,"phone number on bumble does having my phone number as the login method mean my number will be visible to everyone? if so, is there a way i can turn this off? the only other log in methods it gave me was facebook (which i don't have) and apple ID but that's basically like giving my number anyway..."
Bumble,Advice on writing bios I’m not the best at writing bios that are “eye-catching” or interesting in general. Any advice on what to put in my bio?
Bumble,"Anyone else having issues with Facebook login? have been logged out of bumble recently, and i’m unable to log back in using my facebook account. it just goes back to the login page after going thru the FB login screen. 

i can just make another account using an apple account but i don’t wanna lose all my matches and active conversations i was having 🙄"
Bumble,"Bumble falls into the same trap that all online dating sites do: People are different at typing than being. **TL;DR**: See subject line. A lot of people are just different online. How does connecting translate to IRL when so many people are just different, for better or worse, online?

I'm typing this fresh off a date. I should perhaps formulate my thoughts first, but the purpose of Reddit is kneejerk post reactions.

Some people are better at texting than being. I had another date with a man who is by all means Bumble gold: Handsome, nearby, wrote a non-stupid profile, is kind of where I am in life, pressed forward with meeting. All gravy, right? But I can't like a guy just because he lives near me and is nice. He's good... for someone else. And all dating is like that, right? Except if I knew him in any other context in person, I'd have been able to tell right away he isn't for me. There'd never have been any dates in the first place, as it would have been obvious that he's one of many people I come across in life who are good, but not for me. With the online dating I had to factor in that he admitted to being shy around new people, so maybe he was nervous, blah blah and blah.

On the inverse, I have viewed the online dating profiles of two distinct male friends -- both of whom I like very much and have known for years -- and their profiles were plain horrible. These are outrageously smart and funny people who are a lot of fun to be around, and from their profiles all you would have learned about them was that they exist. They're just bad at writing profiles that showcase who they are. A lot of people are. 

So the rules are write a little blurb that isn't stupid (""Just ask"" = stupid), display some signs your personality, have good pictures. But what if they don't do that? Swipe left then, yes? But we know folks exist who are terrific that have really bad profiles, so now what? Swipe right on everyone? That's obviously absurd.

I like that Bumble puts women in the driver's seat. That means not suffering through inane messages from people I have no interest in. The liking has to be **mutual** and I have to say something first. That's a strong start... I just think as a concept, online dating is borderline unworkable. 

Thank you for reading (or skimming the subject line and responding anyway)."
Bumble,"I just joined Bumble and I'm already tired of couples looking for thirds :( The irony here is that we're a couple who dates together, but we only date couples. I'm on the app to meet couples...but they're all looking for a female third and they don't care what my profile says, lol. These couples match with me and then try to get me to play without my husband. It's pretty offensive, actually. I now 100% sympathize with single women who get hunted on dating apps by couples. It's wild to see how many people are out there unicorn hunting."
Bumble,gulp a girl i’ve been chatting with sent me a riské photo - i don’t know what to do next.
Bumble,"Shaddowban on Bumble Hey guys I have a problem with Bumble. I had an account like three months ago and was getting an OK number of matches there. I deleted my account, because I figured out that I wasnt quite ready yet to date again after my breakup. Before I deleted the App I made a girl account and wanted to see how other straight guys set up their profiles (the photos were from a girlfriend of mine and I had her permission). A friend of mine trolled me and exchanged the photos with pictures of me from my phone, which resulted in a ban the next day. I used my second number this friday to create a new account. I had to verify directly at the start, which was really odd. Since my last ban I got some really nice photos taken of me, which I used for this account. The first hours really worked well for me. I was getting a solid number of likes. But now I get no likes at all. I think that I have been shadowbanned. Is there a way to undo this? It makes 0 sense to me, that I dont get likes anymore after a few hours, when my pictures are alot better. Do you guys know what information they keep to recognise me again? Is their maybe another reason for this? I would really aprecciate an answer!"
Bumble,"Bumble is slowly making me lose my self confidence (22M) I’ve been using Bumble for the past couple of years, but I haven’t had much success. I live in a big city, but I rarely get any likes and matches. Whenever I do get matches, the girl doesn't respond or I get ghosted if we do start talking. I try my best to avoid reverting back to being a NiceGuyTM when I get ghosted. Whenever I use Boost, I do get likes, but they’re from profiles with no bios and I swipe left because I have nothing to work with. I wasn't getting a ton of matches prior to the pandemic either. However, I did meet my ex girlfriend on Bumble during the Fall of 2019 and went on a few dates with her pre COVID. We broke things off in June of last year after I found out she cheated on me. 


I’m 6’2” and I have some muscle on me due to working out ever since I was in college, but I'm really self conscious about my looks. I used to be a NiceGuyTM when as a teenager and assumed my looks were holding me back, granted I didn’t bathe everyday, I wore clothes two sizes too small and my personality sucked. Getting constantly rejected made me extremely self conscious.  I started self improving as a result. I improved my fashion sense,  ditched the NiceGuyTM mindset, groomed myself more consistently and started working out. My guy friends, family members and the older women I know say I'm good looking. Heck, even a gay guy I met 5 years ago (during my NiceGuyTM phase surprisingly enough) stalked my social media last summer just to tell me he had a crush on me for years and wanted to ""appreciate me"" by giving me a blow job (that's a story for another day). I mustered up enough confidence to try OLD in 2017. In regards to Bumble, my profile looks fine. I'm constantly updating it. I used pictures of myself smiling, hanging with friends and doing hobbies as well as filled out my bio without any red flags but I seldom get any likes and matches. My confidence is slowly going into the gutter due to me getting even more self conscious of my looks. I've deleted my Bumble profile before and I'm thinking about deleting it again.


Sorry if this came off as incel-y. Using Bumble has kinda bummed me out as of late."
Bumble,"Virtual Dates but for BFF Hey! I recently matched with a girl on BFF and I decided to take it offline and gave her my number to chat. But it's been a week and a half and I feel like we've had conversations via text that I would rather have in-person. 

But has anyone had any success with zoom friend dates? If so, any ideas on what we could do? Idk why it's so hard for me to come up with zoom dates for BFF, I've been on at least virtual 2 dates from Tinder."
Bumble,"Please report if something happens Bumble seems to be focusing more on growth and forgetting its original purpose of providing a community of respect for each other. I was sexually assaulted by a guy I met on another app a few weeks back and as I was scrolling I came across his profile. So I reported the account and even offered to send over my police report to prevent another victim. Heard nothing hoped his account would have been taken down

Fast forward to last night I get a call from a friend that she was assaulted by a guy, same person who now found a new victim on Bumble. Saddens me that what was once my favorite app is now more focused on profits over people and experience. Hopefully this helps others and please please please report when this happens to you. maybe with more than two reports Bumble will actually take action"
Bumble,"Disappearing conversations Hey, is anyone sure what it means if you've had an exchange with someone and then the conversation disappears? Does it mean they unmatched you? or blocked you? or deleted their profile? If it's relevant, this is Bumble BFF. I dropped the ball for a bit too long in the conversation because I was super busy :(.

I \*think\*, from Bumble's FAQ section, if a conversation disappears, it's because they deleted their profile. Supposedly if they unmatched you then the conversation gets greyed out. Is that true?

  
I'm wondering (I guess it depends on why they've disappeared) if there's any chance their profile will come up again?"
Bumble,"Line breaks in Bumble Bio? I’m trying to add line breaks in my bumble bio but nothing works. I’ve tried copying from text, editing it on the computer, using actual bullet points, etc. 

Is it possible to add a line break in the bio section?"
Bumble,"Delete Account - Rejoin with Lifetime Can you delete your account and recreate it and still have access to the lifetime subscription? The wording on the iTunes page makes it sound like no but that would be really odd. It says it’s good for the lifetime of the bumble account, not the iTunes account."
Bumble,"Advice for photos Hey all,

Looking for advice on creating a profile. I haven’t been on dating apps in over 3 years. I don’t take many photos in general especially of myself. With the ongoing pandemic most of my photos are of my dog and I, no selfies just what my brother clicks when my dog is doing something. I have a couple of me skydiving but with the helmet and falling out of the sky they aren’t the nicest. I don’t want to use old photos especially pre-pandemic as I have lost 50lbs during the pandemic. Should I create a profile where most of my photos are with my dog? Also I don’t have any group photos or anything just cause if the ongoing situation. 

Also, I’m a 28yr male. 

TLDR; all photos of me include my dog, is it safe for dating profile?"
Bumble,"Personal Experiment: Why is Bumble not working for me? I've started collecting data on my online dating experiences... on a few other apps I use I probably average 10% of people I like end up liking me back, messaging, etc. I've even done a few virtual speed dating events with friends over the last few months where it was more like 33-50% of people I liked also liked me back and wanted to talk, depending on the event.

With this app, the ratio is insanely low for me. Over the last month I've done an experiment where I swiped yes to 200 people a day, every other day (4 days a week), for a total of 3,200 yesses.  During that 4 week window I've had 7 people like me back, 3 of whom actually reached out and messaged... a 0.1% success rate.

Meanwhile I have a friend of the same age in the same city who says he is drowning in matches on Bumble, a dozen new conversations a week, who struggles with success on other apps. 

What gives???

EDIT: I use the same photos and photo order and have similar summaries across different apps. My friend claims he does the same."
Bumble,"Re-matched with a girl that ghosted me a few months ago So, I matched with this same girl a few months ago, which progressed to texting on WhatsApp, but she stopped replying a few months ago, unexpectedly.

Well....we just matched again, and I've only just realised that it's the same girl, but we were speaking fine on Bumble last night.

Do I text her phone number and tell her or unmatch and move on?"
Bumble,"When is the best time to use spotlight? I’m a dude and I just reactivated my bumble again and saw I have a spotlight, how do I get the best use of it?"
Bumble,"Bumbles new dealbreaker toggle doesn't even work? So I'm still confused with how the toggle works but either way if I toggle it off or on I get people in my stack that are outside if the mile radius I set.

What's so hard about implementing this correctly Bumble? No other app has this issue?"
Bumble,"I promise bios are really helpful I also promise that you do NOT need to:
1. “*tall height* bc apparently that matters”
2. love traveling and won’t accept someone who doesn’t mention anything about traveling
3. be obsessed with tacos or the office

I do not care that you’re looking for positive vibes. Obviously you aren’t in search for a bad time if you’re on a dating app. You really do not need to mention that anywhere at all in any bio. Your bio is about YOU. Not what you think will get you matches. If the above works for you and you really don’t relate with anything you put in your bio and you get lots of matches on that, you are setting yourself up for failure. Sure you’ll get matches but they won’t be genuine. The person will be under the wrong impression of you. 
Please be unique. Everyone has something, at least one thing, that makes them stand out. Exploit that. Someone will love it."
Bumble,"PSA FOR EVERYONE Wash up a little before you sleep with someone. Ladies wearing spandex or tight jeans and taking those bad boys off some of you have quite the aroma especially if you did both forms of body waste removal lord have mercy. Some dudes are good a pretending, no one wants to have to pretend you smell good just to get their part of sex. Dudes wash up! Everyone gets ripe down there and im sure the ladies don't want to be gagging at the end of your cheddar balls. That's all. All groups were mentioned no need to be angry accept the advice tell your friends. Freshen up"
Bumble,"What's your limit on the number of people you can be ""seriously talking to"" at a time? (guys and girls) I'm talking about people with high potential for meeting up and going on dates, etc, not counting all of your matches that you might be exchanging some words with every so often."
Bumble,"No likes after first day Hi. Just confused because I got a ton of likes on the first day, but it stopped increasing after (zero likes for a whole week). Am I that ugly or is this feature glitched / faulty. Thanks!"
Bumble,"Do you guys think there’s any difference in number of matches you get between signing up with Facebook or phone number? Silly question I know, but I have sometimes felt this, along with tinder etc. I wasn’t getting matches for ages before &amp; made a whole new Facebook and got loads, it was as if being connected to another account glitched it"
Bumble,Photo rotation Does Bumble rotate the order profile photos are displayed in? Someone I'm talking to commented that my main/first photo had changed to another in the set but I haven't made any changes...
Bumble,"Guys, what’s the best way to flirt with you? Just curious to hear everyones thoughts on this😌"
Bumble,"What sort of pictures are ideal for a bumble profile? Hi all,

New (25M) to Bumble and really want to get out of my comfort zone. I'm not really a pictures type of guy, and I don't have any of me that aren't at least a few years old. Not that I look any different, but they are all too far away (like vacation pics).

I keep seeing people on Instagram who are far more social than me with pictures with friends or that people have taken of them.

What sort of pics should I be aiming for? selfies? me in a nice outfit posing?

I'm nervous and confused."
Bumble,"The thread to this forum should be changed To,
I am emotionally unintelligent and don’t actually try in the real world. I give sad sack advice to other sad sacks; who don’t have a clue to what real dating and connection require.
It’s called effort.
If you all found some, instead of just bitching about the insanity that is internet dating;
maybe just maybe you’d be more interesting to date.
Most of you have taken less chances in life than your grandma.
Safely behind a screen to judge and make excuses for your lack of emotional responsibility.
I have had many successes on the internet dating but the sad reality is; we are using an app we reject other people for using, like wiskey, tango, foxtrot what did we create here. Sounds more like hell in a hand basket then a solution to a symptom.
And then we act like we are in same way shape or form not like everyone else lacking the ability to connect in the real world.Even if you can, most other people have forgot how to have conversations; I mean real ones.
Not someone just holding the phone while they nod at what you speak to.
Even when I bring the interesting conversations,
We have created this mythical date that doesn’t really exist in the real world other than in your head.
Why don’t we change the notion from “I need everything I want”,
To figure out what you don’t like and go from there.
It’s really hard to stop someone from doing something, But when you bring love into an equation there isn’t much they won’t do to make something happen.
That doesn’t mean you require them to jump thru some hoop or test that you yourself wouldn’t go thru or be ok with.
Stop thinking you’re being interesting for non binary vegan or any of the other so-called edgy bits of society in the 21st century.
Before this time of broken internet swiping, people actually tried, failed, and got back up to do it all over tomorrow. It made us interesting and not just a bunch of carbon copies of what society has told you is the way to be.
No one tries anymore just a bunch of half ass lonely people that will never find that impossible and non existent situation they have put on a pedestal.  Thank you for reading."
Bumble,"Anyone else hate the “mixed signals” in the profile bio? I’ve seen many women lately put “looking for a gym partner” and “friends only” to lead off their bio, and then describe who they are as a lover/girlfriend. 

Why put that energy out there on a dating website? Not to mention you’re looking for friends on a dating website lol"
Bumble,"Would you hit him up or nah? We matched LAST FALL and It was understood that things would be casual. We went out for drinks and hooked up after. He said he wanted to hang again and that he had fun and I responded back the same way as I felt we both had a really good time.

Twice after I reached out to hang and he was going out of town for things that seemed like real excuses and he always made a point to say that he “was interested” but wasn’t going to be around that weekend. So after I reached out twice I left it on him and never heard back. 

He recently reached out asking how I’m doing and talked about us hanging out again. I told him I was going out of town (which I was) and would let him know when I’m back and he was cool with that. I’m heading back tomorrow. 

If you were in my shoes would you reach out and let him know you’re back? Or would you not want to see him?

Part of me wants to see him but I’m afraid that reaching out will make me look desperate but I could be overthinking this."
Bumble,"Need advice I got out of a 5 year relationship a few months ago and am just starting to get back out there. Tonight, I had a great date with a really awesome girl that I met on bumble and I’d really like to see her again.

My question is: should i text her tomorrow asking for a second date? Im pretty rusty when it comes to dating and have heard I’m supposed to wait a bit before reaching out again, but I honestly don’t really feel like it. 

Any advice would be appreciated"
Bumble,"I joined Bumble at the start of the year and finally got my first like. I would swipe regularly but never even got a single like until a couple of days ago.

I started to think maybe I got shadowbanned despite having just joined and not violating any rules. Then I changed my settings to show me men and within 15 minutes I got a few likes.

So, I haven't been shadowbanned, my account's not broken--I'm just unattractive.

I was planning on deleting my account and starting a new one if it turned out I was banned or something. So, at least I don't have to do that."
Bumble,"Way to end the chat dude I wish I had taken a screenshot of the convo... 
I declined sending a pic of myself in leggings so this guy tells me it's a bad sign and he's looking for something different. I wish him well and his response is to ask if he could send a dick pic 🤣🤣🤣 I guess, thanks for asking?? But no, I'm not interested in seeing your penis before we never talk to each other again. 
Decided to tell him that if a woman wants to see it, we'll specifically ask. That's where the rage came in a succession of multiple long ass messages and then a block. 

Dodged that one ladies 😅"
Bumble,"Lack of matches I used to get matches every day. Most fizzled out to nothing but I was still getting matches.

Now I'm lucky if I get 1 a week. I stay in a decent size Town the UK and close to a couple of major cities. I even drove through 2 major cities today to pick something up. I did not get a single like. I have a full profile and pretty good pictures in my opinion. 

Am I being paranoid or could something be up? Or have I just gotten uglier? 😄

I pay for this and it definitely seems a waste of money now. Could it be I'm using an Oppo phone?"
Bumble,"Can Bumble really get you a match!!? It's been one week that I am using Bumble free on my android phone, but I didn't get any match what so ever. The day I installed I just got one like that too I don't know who it is actually since am using free version, &amp; 2 days aftee, that one like too disappeared. Oh my word. 
 So u have been swiping from 1 week couldn't get atleast one match, I mean how on earth that's even possible or it's a glitch with my profile/account, and I say there are so many pretty girls that happens to show and moreover I stay in a almost city central too with some posh areas &amp; girls. 
I don't know what happening with my Bumble.
Can anybody throw some light on this and say what actually is happening 🤔"
Bumble,"Beeline dissapearing? New member Hey guys,

&amp;#x200B;

Just joined bumble like 30 mins ago and got 2 people ""waiting in the beeline"" and got supppper stoked as a dude cuz ik its dry out there for us. Thing is they both disappeared after a bit and it really bummed me out. How does this function work? Am I missing something? Is the beeline only active when your spotlight is on?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks guys!

\*Solved :)"
Bumble,"Do you like the Weekend? I like the weekend, do you?"
Bumble,"Need tech support help for getting logged into app I’ve been having a lot of trouble with the app the last 24 hours. I was asked to verify my profile and I did so successfully. 

However, I wasn’t happy with my profile pics and I tried to delete and rearrange some of them. All of a sudden, the app booted me out and is telling me to upload my profile photo and basically re-verify myself again. 

Each time I upload a profile photo the app keeps looping and prompting me to upload a photo again. There’s no error message or anything it seems like it works when it wants to which is annoying. 

I’m just bummed and frustrated as I want to be able to log in and chat with my matches. But tech support hasn’t gotten back to me and the app keeps malfunctioning. I’m very disappointed and frustrated. 

Has anyone else had this same issue happen before? If so, how did you resolve it?"
Bumble,"Have some dignity boys and girls! If the vibe’s not there, it’s not there. Stop wasting your time on those that aren’t giving you the time of day. 

Whenever I play rock paper scissors, I always go for ✂️ because I’m ready to cut you out just like that 

But then sometimes I’ll switch it up and go for 🪨 because I’ll drop you just like that"
Bumble,"Beeline count glitch? Hi. I just wanna ask if the beeline count ""number of people who right-swiped you"" is glitched/broken, because It's been steady for the past 3 days. Basically, on my first day, I was able to reach around 40, but on the second day, it decreased as I continued to left-swipe (down to 2). So that beeline count of 2 has been steady for the past 3 days, and I'm wondering why it is showing such a low STEADY count.. I don't think I'm that ugly lol.. Is this a glitch? Thank you."
Bumble,"Always ghosted on bumble I look too young for my age, I have a verified profile on bumble. The men I am matched with and I had a chat with would ghost me after sometime."
Bumble,"I [F21] don’t think I’m doing this right... Since bumble has the girl message first I’ve put in some effort into who I swipe right on. I want a casual fwb relationship but it’s been hard to find. 

Either they want sex right away, or they suck at texting and the conversation dies (I only allow myself 3 times to revive it, after it’s up to them imo). I’ve done the hookup thing twice where I met up with them within 48 hours with maybe 4 lines of text sent back and forth...and they were both horrible. Just to clarify it was two different dudes on two different occasions lol. Anyways, that was almost 2 years and I want to give sex another try but it’s so hard to find someone.

Can’t I meet a guy who wants to respect me? If I don’t put out right away everyone loses interest right away too. Am I doing this wrong? What am I supposed to do if I don’t want to meet up right away...but I feel bad cause I feel like I’m teasing them, I’m honestly not. Just give me a week, but no ones given me attention past 5 days. I just want to trust them enough so they won’t take advantage of me and just use me like a doll. Been there, done that, don’t wanna go back.

I’m close to giving up, sex isn’t that great anyways lol."
Bumble,"What job you have does make a difference I got back on the ol dating app scene when covid took hold and I noticed something. After some time being back on.

 I reactivated my old accounts so my profile was pretty much a time capsule of 2017. 

During that time I was going to collage for animation and trying to become a movie poster designer in Santa Monica. Had no problem getting dates/matches what have you. 

Fast forward to today, I stopped the whole art scene (because I basically had to kiss ass and suck dick to get anywhere without going to an expensive art school and it lost its magic) and now I’m in construction making great money. 

I’m able to do way more hobbies, trips, get in amazing shape, and save for a freaking duplex at age 25. But no matches anymore. I understand this sounds materialistic rn but that’s part of the point I’m making. 

So I put a play on words so that it’s not obvious that I’m in construction and, wouldnt you know it I’m getting matches again. 

Thing is I thought I was just being paranoid and went on living. But really started to notice it when women started asking what i do for work. (Id like to point out I’m not ashamed at all of my current career) so when they ask, I tell. 

Unfortunately, EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I get ghosted as soon as I let them know. Im confident if I had a chance to meet these ppl in person we could get along. But it looks like I’m going to have to wait until the lockdowns"
Bumble,"The only app I don’t get matches on Something that I have found very odd is that the vast majority of physically attractive profiles never match on bumble. 

On other apps like hinge I have actually matched with some of the same people I’ve seen on bumble. When I bring it up they say they haven’t used bumble in months some even north of a year. I’m curious how many inactive attractive profiles are kept in circulation to get all members of the app to buy the memberships and boosts. Any thoughts on this?"
Bumble,"Bumble experts pls answer! If I am a female and I swipe right (or react to a photo) and it ISN'T an automatic match then that means the guy swiped left on me doesn't it!?

Edit: If its due to the fact that he just hasn't seen my like yet and wants to match will Bumble send me a notification to remind me of who I liked?"
Bumble,"Can I set my profile to private after I create it? Hi! Never online dated before, and I was wondering if I can temporarily hide my profile after making it.

I have a bit of anxiety about joining, and I'd prefer to study my profile for a bit instead of just throwing it out there for the world to see."
Bumble,"Are some people deliberately allowing their matches to expire? I saw a post describing how dissapointing it is when your ""cute"" bumble match expires. Someone made a comment saying that collecting matches is an ego booster for some people, however someone disagreed saying ""why would a person use that as an ego boost when the match will expire anyway? It doesn't make any sense"". What are your thoughts? 

 On a slightly different note and from my personal experience, I have had quite a number of ""cute"" expired matches and while I am cognisant of the fact that we all have lives and won't be sat swiping day and night, I just couldn't understand why 1 guy wouldn't even reply when I reach out to him on Instagram, he just accepted the request and that was it so I unfollowed him. Since then i decided that if the match expires, it expires....Next!. I say this  because I observed a pattern in pretty much all my expired matches:

1. Guys like that will very often have their Instagram on their bumble profile asking you to ""look"" them up, ""come say hi"" or  sometimes make no reference to the Instagram page but we are all pretty smart, we know why it's there. 

2. Thier accounts are private and you would have to ""follow"" them to view thier page.

3. They are mostly outdoorsey, into fitness, travelling/holidays, ""adventurous"" or into art (and lowky promoting thier business).

4. 90% of thier followers are women and the comment section of their posts are always filled with women commenting on how good or hot they look etc. 

I'd like to add that I am not generalising at all, this  is simply  my observation overtime and that's why I no longer bother looking at anyone's Instagram at all. If we match on bumble and it expires? then it's RIP for me. With that said, am curious to hear what the experiences are for men."
Bumble,"So what are girls really looking for in bumble, be 100% honest please I have no idea what else to do or say in my profile to get female attraction. I am 5'3 and ugly, so what can I do to make a girl text me?"
Bumble,"F.I.R.E on Bumble Anyone on bumble in F.I.R.E or ""retired?"" I'm 37 and have no idea what to put as my occupation. 

Leaving it blank looks sketchy.

And something like ""self employed"" makes it sound like you go door to door selling knives. 

Trying to convey success without being flashy is a tough line to walk. 

Anyone else share this experience or have any thoughts?"
Bumble,"Bettering bumble. So last night I was going through my daily I'm bored and mindlessly swiping through people while I eat peanut butter toast and noticed 3 different profiles had been using the same photos. 

1 person with 3 accounts? Maybe, 3 fake a accounts using another persons photos. Much more likely, the girl in the photos wouldn't need 3 active accounts to get matches. 

But it got me thinking about fakes, bots and inactivity. 

How would you feel about a monthly message from Bumble's dev. team that asked you to reply like ""please respond &lt;ACTIVE&gt; to this message to continue using this service"". Maybe it gives you a day or two to reply and then deletes every account that didn't reply. 

Good way to remove fakes bots or inactive people? Have any of you come across these kinds of accounts on Bumble yourself?"
Bumble,"What's defined as ""too clingy?"" Thoughts on double texting? I apologize for my anxiety lol, I heavily overanalyze my actions and would like another opinion.

20F here that's getting back into dating after a year dry spell. I had a nice meetup with a guy, and I thought we both expressed mutual interest in another hang out. After we went to a museum and went on a walk, he walked me back to my place and was like ""we should hang out again?"" and I followed up on his offer a few days ago via text by asking what day is good for him. He never replied, so after four days I asked him how his week has been since shit happens and sometimes you forget to answer. He replied that his week was more stressful than anticipated, and asked how my week has been. I answered, but then he never replied and it's been around five days without any communication. 

Would double texting again come across as me being too clingy? I'm not even sure what to say, and feel a bit naïve saying this, but I kind of had a good gut feeling about him and would like to see him again. Dropping ""hey"" is kinda lame, asking to hang out again when he doesn't even reply seems dumb, would asking him about what's bugging him be too intrusive since we don't know each other that well? Should I just bring up something silly like Nintendo Directs or something for convo? My mild social anxiety is driving me crazy. :')

I guess this is what it's like to be a guy in the dating world. :P I'm not used to pursuing people and damn it feels vulnerable."
Bumble,"Do you get checked for STD’s when you change sexual partners 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lngq7z)"
Bumble,"Says city, but no mileage? Hi there! I recently started talking to someone pretty seriously. It’s been about a couple months, we’ve spent a lot of time together and are pretty exclusive. Even before getting serious he’s told me he’s not one to really date around and I do believe that. Of course, out of curiosity  I checked his bumble profile. It says only the city, but no mileage to follow that. He lives about 7 miles away from me outside of the city... but I have only seen the city and no mileage since checking a few days ago. A few days ago was the first time I checked. 

That being said, I’ve heard that if there’s no mileage it means he hasn’t opened the app in a while (multiple days). Can anyone confirm?"
Bumble,"Can you proactively block a specific profile before ever coming across it? In a bit of a bind here. I'm a heterosexual guy in a relationship with a bisexual girl who has been casually seeing other girls on the side for a few years now. She has also given me her consent to casually see other men on the side, and I am finally feeling ready to give it a try.

The problem is a toxic, former friend of mine, who I had to cut off due to a series of very toxic behaviors almost three years ago. He is gay and active on all dating apps. When we were friends, we never hooked up, but used to be each other's nsfw photo evaluator. After I cut him off, I found out he was sharing nudes of me to mutual friends.

This person lives close to me, and I know if I make a profile on Bumble seeking men, he would come across it sooner or later, screenshot it, and spread it around as much as possible. Is there a way I can seek out his profile and block it before I ever start actively swiping? If not, I unfortunately don't think I can do this except when I'm traveling out of town."
Bumble,"Tinder vs bumble So I tried going tinder after sometime on bumble and realized it was super saturated. The ratio there seems disproportionately high favoring females. I know OLD favors females, but tinder seems like it is way off the charts.

Anyone have this same experience?"
Bumble,"When was the last time you got checked for STD’s This includes Gonorrhea, chlamydia, syphilis, HIV

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lngoy4)"
Bumble,Just fucked this college chick Just got on bumble for the first time in over a year and within a few hours I was balls deep in this college slut lol. Nutted all over her face and tits too
Bumble,"Group Photos It annoys me that people get angry that some profiles only include group photos. It's not an excuse to say that you have difficulty telling who owns the profile. What you really are saying is that some of the men/women in the photo are not as attractive as the others. If you really didn't think this, you'd be okay not caring how they look like and base your judgement entirely on the info in their profile. It's so elitist to want to judge someone on how they look."
Bumble,"Would you pay sb to review your profile? 10USD 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lnaiz3)"
Bumble,"Online Dating Actually is Fair and Equally Difficult for Both Men and Women. Post after post and comment after comment we see people complaining about the opposite gender and how OLD or bumble is stacked against them.
I thought it would be useful to clarify to everyone online dating is equally difficult for all users.


Men struggle with too few high quality matches, or for the unwise possibly no matches at all.


Women struggle with too many low quality matches, or from higher standards possibly no matches at all.


It doesn’t do any good to complain that the grass is always greener because it isn’t. It is fair it just isn’t balanced."
Bumble,"I am new to online dating. What should my expectations be? EDIT: After fourteen days, I have gotten fourteen matches. Seems to be more of a waiting game.

I (M21) just started using the service yesterday. According to both my gal pal and my ex I am an ""attractive guy,"" and I should have ""no trouble"" finding people.

This does not reflect my experience. I was wondering what the typical rate of likes or matches are? Also, what should I expect for replies? I did try spotlighting three times, but I have nothing to show for it.

(So far, I have received around Three total likes across Bumble and Tinder, and I have had one single match on Tinder. I sent a message that hasn't been viewed yet.)"
Bumble,Does buying Bumble Boost get you more matches Thinking about buying the weekly bumble boost/premium will it lead to more matches?
Bumble,"How to see who liked you without paying for premium. I don’t know if everybody knows this already but one of my good buddies told me that once you get a like, set the distance to whole country and after a couple of swipes you will see the person that liked you.  It has worked every-time for me."
Bumble,How to talk to woman How do I talk to woman on bubble? How do I make an interesting conversation? How do I ask girls to meet me in person? What kind of date can I even go on during covid in the winter?
Bumble,"How do I make an interesting dating app profile? I am a male, I get almost no Matches on bumble.

What do I put in my bio to make it more interesting? 

What kind of pictures should I take to make my profile more interesting?"
Bumble,"Which of these mean the least to you when judging whether to swipe right or left? 

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lmy83e)"
Bumble,"Maybe Bumble isn’t so bad? Went on my very first Bumble date today with a girl I’ve been chatting with for a week or so. The in person chemistry was great and I ended up giving her her first kiss :)

There’s good people out there! I’m on cloud 9 right now"
Bumble,"How do i turn off travel mode? Accidentally paid for travel mode. Dont care about a refund, would just like to turn travel mode off"
Bumble,"How should I view this Age situation? Hi Everyone,

Ive looked at other threads on this and the reaction seems to be mixed and I honestly am split on if I should be wary or not.

So, met a woman on bumble. Profile says shes 35. She told me during our initial interact that she is actually 40.Her reason was that when she as on Tinder and listed as 40, she would get very derogatory and crude things said to her there. This seemed to happen less when changing to 35. She came to bumble to ""test"" this theory out and listed herself at 35.

My question is, what would you guys do? Instant deal breaker? Not a big deal as long as we like each other?

&amp;#x200B;

Thanks!

&amp;#x200B;

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: I unmatched her. I am in the same camp where I think her reasoning was stupid and what else she could be lying about."
Bumble,What’s your ideal first date? Tbh i find going out to eat or movies boring (I’m a girl im trying to make the first move) 😅
Bumble,Opinion on 5”1 - 5”2 girls? Does height matter to yall? Sometimes I feel like I don’t ever catch someones eye because i’m so short and look like i’m a highschooler.. I try to embrace it but can’t help think how much more happy i’d be with a few more inches.. lol 🙂
Bumble,"App not showing anyone in Swipe Queue After some days using Bumble (Android), my app hasn't been showing anyone in the Swipe Queue, it always shows ""That's all, come back tomorrow"", which I find very weird, because when I'm using Bumble Web, it's always showing someone. So I think there must be some sort of bug going on. And I'm afraid that it's also not showing my profile to others. I'm not sure if it has to do with the app not being able to properly get my location? (although I read in Bumble support that in some countries they removed temporarily any distance filter, which I think is the reason why I can't find any filter related to it).

I have contacted support and they told me it might be the filters I'm using, however I didn't setup any filter at all and I also couldn't find where I could configure it. Bumble support page says there is an icon in the top right corner, in the Swipe Queue screen, but there isn't any. I looked everywhere in the app and couldn't find filter configurations.

All help is appreciated. Thank you."
Bumble,"Ladies, how much do you care about the star sign of a person? Just want to figure out if I should put that prompt in my profile. How significant is it when you’re swiping?"
Bumble,"Advice about not being so paranoid about dating online? My parents have told me every horror story about meeting people online and have made me paranoid. I've just got on Bumble and I'm having trouble getting past my fears. At this point I'm not sure how I'll ever actually be able to go on a date with anyone I meet. They've got me so worried that anyone online wants to do any number of horrible things and I know that's not true. I understand being careful, but I'm straight up paranoid and I hate it."
Bumble,"What's w/ men who go out with you a few times, are nice, but then say they don't want anything serious but would be open to friends with benefits? 28/F here.  I'm not sure if this situation has happened to others, but it happens to me, a lot!  Super nice, seemingly, guys who don't seem to be into online dating for a hook up.  They might go out with me a few, three or four times, never agressive physically, but then say they don't want to date you, but would be open to just sleeping with you?  I guess I don't understand this mentality - it terms of why it wouldn't come out sooner, or why they wouldn't be more upfront about looking for just a hookup - or be on a site like Tinder instead."
Bumble,"What are your thoughts on the end of free filters? - comment too! Personally, I really do not like it. I was pretty strict with my right swipes and now I’ve found that I am going on Bumble and just swiping left constantly.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lmmsdx)"
Bumble,"Daily Bumble Matches Struggle Two things that happen constantly, what's your take on this?
I'm a 25 year old Male

Yes these are verified profiles not spam or fake accounts, with legitimate profiles, social media etc

1. I get a decent amount of matches, a good amount of them i would be interested in talking and pursuing

Why do so many girls match you, and never message you, even if you extend their match 24 hours.. just no message. It's like you swiped right, you JUST saw the ""we matched"" notification, and then just never messaged. 

Then some of them have their social media on their bio. So what is that usually about? You then go and message them on instagram, still no response sometimes read sometimes not read

2. For the decent amount of women I've talked to that seemed genuinely interested, we talk daily, have long convos, everything seems wonderful. They give me their number or snap or something, WITHOUT ME EVEN ASKING FOR IT.. but we never go out. We talk and talk for weeks if not months, even though im asking them out on dates they always seem to have an excuse whether seemingly truthful or a lie, they always have something and just never go out. Are they just nervous or what is that? 


Do any other guys run into this CONSTANTLY and do any girls have any insight?


Thank you!"
Bumble,"I'm Dumb Has anyone else done this? 

I matched with someone who seemed cool, she sent a gif over saying hi, I checked it out, and said, ""Ok, cool I'll respond in a little bit."" I completely forgot to respond and missed the connection.

I'm a little bummed as she seemed pretty cool, but I was overwhelmed with work today. I'm guessing there is no way to re-match with her or to get a second chance at responding to her. :| 

Update: I paid for boost to see if that would give me the chance to respond to the message late, nope. It seems dumb that the messages just vanish and we don't get the chance to extend the match on this end.
(To the lady that sent a gif saying hello in Vancouver, I thought you were cool/cute, I just didn't have a chance to respond within the 24 hour period.)"
Bumble,No more advanced filters? Piss off One of my favourite things about Bumble is the number of details you can put about yourself on your profile and the ability to filter according to them. Even only being able to use two of those filters at a time as a free user put this app at a *massive* advantage compared to others where you could only filter by age and distance without paying... and now Bumble's gone that exact same route. Now you don't get access to any of those filters with a free membership or boost - you have to spaff out on the extra expensive premium membership. Incredibly frustrating and skeevy of Bumble.
Bumble,"24 Hour limit.... Probably the most difficult thing to deal with on Bumble. Finally got a good match I saw potential with and gave her 48 hours just to never hear from her. You'd think Bumble would be nice and say ""ok, ok... since you're not having the best of luck, we'll let you message her first"" or something.."
Bumble,"Why do you guys ghost after a single message? Also Snapchat question. Why appear interested in somebody then just choose to ignore them? Makes no sense to me.

Also, girls sometimes give me their Snapchat during the conversation on Bumble. Personally I hate using Snapchat but I’d also rather text through snap than bumble. However, once I add them they don’t actually send me anything. Are they waiting for me to send something first? Is it just a way to get more people to see their story?"
Bumble,"Is it normal for new users to get an obscene amount of likes? I just made a profile and, without even completing my bio, got 99+ likes. That can’t be real... right?? For context, I’m a woman of average attractiveness."
Bumble,"Bumble NEEDS to add this... Indicate that a user is using travel mode on the first section of their profile, just under their name. The amount of times I've matched with girls living in other countries is endless...And not everyone scans each profile entirely."
Bumble,"Being sensitive Unfortunately I don't have a screenshot of this conversation, but it's too good not to share.

Him: I don't want to date someone sensitive.

Me: How would you define that?

Him: Making racist jokes. Not to their face. But just between us.

Me: Oh, so you're a racist.

Him: Excuse me? You don't know what you're talking about.
*Blocks me*

I'm pretty sure the irony is lost on him. Says he doesn't want someone sensitive but folds the instance someone pokes a hole."
Bumble,Quick question I matched with a girl on bumble and don’t what to respond to her “hey there :)” will it be bad to call her beautiful or cute at first? Or should I simply text a “hey?” Idk new at this :/
Bumble,"Can someone give me advice on how bumble algorithm works and tips on how to use hinge I'm general to maximise my chances of getting matches? I just want general advice like the best time to use it,prompts that work well,what not to do etc etc ....."
Bumble,"New User - 30 likes? Earlier today I made a free profile. Nothing fancy. I checked tonight and bumble says I have about 30 likes. 

Does that even seem right? Is this some bs to get me to buy premium?"
Bumble,"Check Your Credit Cards Hello:

&amp;#x200B;

I'm giving everyone a heads up to check your credit cards. Bumble has been charging me for months for Bumble boost (A service I didn't even know I had). The charges added up to 435 dollars. I disputed the charges and won't ever use Bumble again. 

  
Just a heads up. Good Luck Everyone"
Bumble,"Why do guys delete their profile mid conversation? Title says it all. I know it has nothing to do with me as to why a guy deletes his profile. 

For example, I just had a very brief conversation with a guy. We were both interested in finance and exchanged a few messages on the recent GameStop events. Then I was joking about why the Airbnb ad comes up like one message in. 

Other helpful info: he just created his profile. Maybe he was a catfish? Realized OLD takes a lot of work? Only wants to smash and dash?

Any insight appreciated. Genuinely curious!"
Bumble,"How to get myself on the front of bumble? I’ve fallen victim to deleting and reinstalling bumble too many times to where I’m permanently in the back. 

In 2019 I used to get queues of 70-100 girls waiting to match with me when I downloaded bumble in my first week. 

Now when I recently reinstalled it, I got 5 and it’s been a couple weeks now. 

Any ideas on how to get myself back in the front? I’ve tried different emails and phone #’s but they all see the same results."
Bumble,Worst experience on bumble? Convo going on then suddenly end convo loll
Bumble,"Cannot seem to find person who is in my beeline It’s been like 2 weeks and I cannot seem to find the person that is in my beeline. I’ve extended the distance all the way up to 50 km (as I’ve basically exhausted every other distance, they don’t even show people anymore) and I still cannot find them.

I find it hard to believe that this person is above 30-40 km considering every other person that I’ve matched with or have been liked, is below 25 km.

Is it a bot? It’s super frustrating."
Bumble,"Says I've received messages from two matches but nothing received As simple as the title lol, got two notifications of new messages but when I check there is nothing but the previous messages I've sent. Tried force stopping and reinstalling the app but no luck. Please help lol!"
Bumble,What do guys NOT like seeing on a girl’s bio Just curious as to what guy’s find weird or lame in a girl’s bio..
Bumble,"So Bumble removed their BLM agreement splash I'm sure most of you all have seen it over the last year. The thing was added. I never hit agre on it. Not because I had any strong feelings one way or another but because I was curious how long they would keep it. Plus with the whole pandemic things it's a bit hard to convince people to meet up for coffee and shoot the shit.

I've checked in to it every time bumble gave me a notification. So I'd get the whole ""you got messages "" notification about once or twice a week. I'd open the app and see the BLM splash page. Today I do it and low and behold. The splash page is gone.

Once again, I have no feeling one way or the other about I'm. I'm just curious. Do you all think people will notice or care? I suppose it's almost been a full year since they implemented it. What do you all think?"
Bumble,"My [24M] profile says I never drink. Do women care about that? Most people my age drink but I just don’t.

Do you think the average woman would take notice? Does it impact my chances at matching?"
Bumble,Youngest Ever Female Billionaire Bumble Creator Whitney Wolfe Herd - Nigel Green deVere CEO Youngest Ever Female Billionaire Bumble Creator Whitney Wolfe Herd - Nigel Green deVere CEO https://youtube.com/watch?v=2XzO68TwmcY&amp;feature=youtu.be
Bumble,"Got unmatched after only four texts... So i matched with a girl recently  and after only a handful of messages I saw I was unmatched. I can't imagine it was anything I said as I literally was only three texts in ( we only got to the 'what do you do for work' q. She listed her IG and i decided to message her and add her. Nothing yet. She said in her profile she wasn't interested in interview style questioning, but  idk. What gives?"
Bumble,"Ladies, your profile picture preferences? I’m probably overthinking this, but what do you like in terms of the guy’s style?

I’m strictly referring to how they look and not necessarily what they are doing.

I’ve read that wearing sunglasses and jewelry is considered off-putting.

I still need to add more and better pictures to my profile, and was just genuinely curious.

I’m 39M, so I probably dress differently than someone younger.  Is having a pic in a suit or dress pants with a button down shirt considered try hard, even though that’s what I normally wear when I’m out socializing?"
Bumble,"Profile tip: use the education slot to put your job instead of the job slot. Title is a little confusing, but if you add your job under the “add education” tab instead of “add job” tab, you aren’t forced to put the company you work for and can just have your job title by itself. I like it better this way because I work for a small company and prefer the anonymity."
Bumble,"Why do I have people in my beeline that are way out of my area?? I live in hawaii, yet there's dude's in my beeline from say...colorado? Is this because they have their location preferences set way out? Cause I don't.

Side note: bumble bff is actually pretty great and I made my first match on it🙌🏽"
Bumble,"I was enjoying the conversation... New Bumble user here. Matched with this guy who I think is very handsome, seems really smart, funny, creative and overall interesting to talk to... 

He reached out first. We talked for a few days about our music tastes and favorite tv shows, and it was going well. 

Haven’t heard back in days. Yaaay. Fuuuuun duude."
Bumble,"How Does this Work? Please Help In this example:

1. Jane logs in on Tuesday and likes John.  There is no match popup
2. John did not login on in Monday or Tuesday, but logs in Wednesday
3. On Wednesday John liked Jane

&amp;#x200B;

What happens in this case?  Jane liked him on Tues and there was no match.  

If he liked her on Wed, does he show up in her swipe deck to have to like all over again?  Does he just disappear since the timing was off?  Or does Jane receive a notification of a match on Wednesday?

If Jane loses the match due to timing, then it would make sense for Jane to only login once every other week to rack up some likes before swiping since the women drive the first message here?

I am so confused!"
Bumble,"0 Likes on Bumble but many likes on other apps I've tried the various apps out there and bumble has always been the one with the lowest amount of likes.  I just created a bumble account, after about 6 months away, and I have had 0 likes after about 4 days.  I'm not talking about matches, but likes.

I know there's something wrong because I get plenty of likes on other apps (doesn't mean we ultimately match up) but it shows my profile is being seen.

So is there something I need to do to get my profile seen on Bumble.   I'm guessing it has to do with some setting or something I need to do.  I've verified, linked my instagram.  Anything else?

I saw bumble just IPOed for like $4B so it must be working for people or else how did they IPO it?

&amp;#x200B;

Is Bumble a wait a bit before you get seen app?  While others are you get seen in the first few days then you dissappear?

&amp;#x200B;

I have about 70% of my profile 'complete'.  I'm not going to pick one for politics or religion since I don't care about either one and there's no option for I don't care.  Same with kids because I am undecided and there is no option for that either."
Bumble,"Gave me his number and now 👻? I had been texting with someone long distance for about two months (I’m new at this). He gave me his phone number, hasn’t unmatched me in the app, but hasn’t text me in a week. 

Have I been ghosted? I haven’t asked him what’s going on because I’m afraid of getting a negative response. Should I ask what’s up or should I move on?"
Bumble,"I'm not having fun :( So let me just get this out of the way: I don't care if someone is not into me. I like myself enough, and I'm hilarious and nice usually, so a lot of people like me too. I do not get butthurt if I swipe right on someone and it's not a match, and I don't get butthurt when convos fizzle out. Sometimes there's just nothing there.

Anyway, so, I see a lot of profiles of guys whining about how they're not looking for pen pals, and I used to find that annoying, but I feel their pain now.

I'm getting as many matches as I expected (somewhat attractive, not hot, but reasonably good looking, adult woman in a large city), but this is still just so... I need a word to describe how you feel when you throw your hands up and yell ""What the fuck?""

There was a guy who I matched with whose profile made me laugh (pretty rare), we had nice convos, he asked for my number, it all seemed to move alone nicely, then after two weeks of texting every day and occasional phone calls I'm like... sooo... this happening or...?

Another guy: Some texts, some calls, met in person, he goes on and on about how he had a good time and I'm pretty, he wants to see me again, etc, texts every day, good morning and goodnight texts, I actually call him and am like, ""So....??"" and he gets kinda wishy washy, so after that call I decide I'm kind of done, but he keeps texting me every day.... and for what? Why are you texting me? My A+ emoji use? Shit or get off the pot already.

So anyway, I mean, look, there are a zillion guys on this bee app and the ones I match with are mostly fine, but the bullshit... the BULLSHIT, ladies and gentlemen! It rankles me.

There. I'm done ranting now. So how are you guys?"
Bumble,"Beeline acting weird Anyone else having issues with Beeline lately?  I keep getting notified of likes, but when I open the app there’s nothing there.  Then today, I got a nice little number 5 on the heart you tap on to get to the beeline, and I know there should be at least one in there I haven’t decided which way to swipe on yet, but when I open beeline it’s empty.  What gives?"
Bumble,Why don’t my likes show up I’ll get the notification that I got a like but when I open the app there is nothing there
Bumble,"Help with a bio? Kinda treated bumble as a joke when I first got it, my original bio was ""let's smash, bring your own controllers"" but now it's something like ""we can go out to dinner and then play smash bros"" or something. Most of the profiles of girls I'm really interested in ""dorky, shy, nerdy, etc"" usually don't swipe right on me back. Is my bio the problem or am I just being an idiot? Sorry if I come off as entitled at all, just wondering if my profile needs to be improved.

Edit: link to bio screenshot, and yeah the tag line is probably cringe but i do y really know what to write. 
http://imgur.com/a/hdhTuxZ"
Bumble,New and got a question What does it mean when theres a yellow circle around your profile with a %
Bumble,"Why do I have “70%” surrounding my profile? I thought it was a matter of completion, but the number didn’t disappear after I added a couple more things. Is Bumble displaying my ELO or the percentile of my profile? I don’t have premium services or anything so this is new to me."
Bumble,"Question for the Girls I’ve done a lot of experimenting with different dating apps and notice people on each tend to be attracted to a different type of presentation. For you on Bumble specifically, what types of bio’s do you enjoy seeing?"
Bumble,Match!! Finally got a match! Hopefully she will send me a message 🙏🏽
Bumble,"__ has ended the chat Matched with a girl the other day, we had a fun convo and booked a date for friday. Just got a notification on my phone that she sent a message, I go to read it aaaand... she unmatched me. It sucks because I feel like we really got along quite well. Is there any way to read what her last message was though?"
Bumble,"When to bring up relationship status/relationship goals Im (m45) starting to figure out matches and have interesting conversations here and there.  met one woman for a slice of pizza but no connection.

chatting w a cool chick and going to dinner w her friday

we have been texting for about a week.  mostly just light convo and some jokes (shes funny!)

She’s divorced 3 years and im separated 7 mos and im the process of filing.  Per my attorney, im probably looking at june/july as a filing date.

how soon do i bring this up? if i wait i feel like it will seem like im hiding that.  do i wait for her to ask?

also, for any ladies out of there, is this a red flag?

thanks!"
Bumble,"Something to say about Bumble’s App; question for you all at the very end. Being a customer with Bumble previously last year for a few months was a waste of my time and money. (I just realized Bumble itself is worth $8 billion...I wonder why the CEO is trying so hard to make her own app look like a troll app for some individuals. The subscription prices definitely suit her! xD)

The app’s rating on the App Store is starting to dip, it’s now at a 4.2. It has a 1.8 star rating on FUCKING TRUSTPILOT 🤣. But that’s not the problem. I’m not so sure why people who are on the app are okay with the app’s pricing system. You can shit on my opinion but I SIMPLY think that the subscription prices are way too inflated and for what kind/amount of features, matches you get, dude, it ain’t worth it by a long-shot.

Apps like these got so much potential, but it’s so unfair that people who are struggling and look for relationships online have to pay insane prices to get matches, the right way, and in an effective way. 

ALL IN ALL: I’m sorry guys, but Bumble to me is a dead app. But I have a question for you: Do you agree with my overall assessment? You can disagree but I tried to be honest about the whole thing. Thank you :)

*Great concept, horrible app, useless subscription plans the way they’re priced, and some matches end up backfiring. It’s not a dating app, I don’t know what the hell it is.*

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lkvgrt)"
Bumble,"Don't want kids, but dating nearing 30? [m] Not sure if others have had this experience before, but at least where I am located (admittedly a mostly conservative area of an otherwise liberal larger area), it's nearly impossible to find women who don't want children, or who already have at least one.

Anyone childfree or with no desire for kids had much success on the app above 28 years old? I have a feeling until I get to the other side of child-bearing ages, it's likely going to be more and more targeted toward wanting a dad/step-dad and would love to hear anecdotes or stories otherwise."
Bumble,"How long does it usually take for men to respond? I'm new to this, so I'm curious. I send my messages around 12AM (CET) so I'm kinda hoping he'll respond  soon, since it's 10AM now.

Edit: he didn't reply within the 24 hour window, but at least all you people replied to my post so that's nice (really appreciate it, made me smile :)"
Bumble,Does Beeline have a limit? My beeline is perpetually at 50. Can i only see new people who swiped me if I swipe out the current ones? Or do they show up regardless?
Bumble,"How to change the position of the Instagram feed? I see a lot of ladies have their Instagram feed on top instead of the bottom, like right after their first profile picture. How to set that up?"
Bumble,"Car selfies are big no, what if my car is fancy? Like a Porsche? I really struggling to get any matches..."
Bumble,"Getting a ton of matches only on one day It's been pretty dead on Bumble for about a year for me. I'll match with one or two people every week or two but every 4 months or so months I'll randomly get 10-15 matches on one day. 

I doubt people coincidentally happen to be using the app on those days; I live in a city of about 1 million people and I'd expect this to happen more often as opposed to every few months. Are there other explanations?"
Bumble,"Beeline is as reliable as the electricity in Texas right now. Anyone else been having an issue with the beeline where it will show you all of the people who like you and then they all will suddenly disappear for hours or days at a time, and then they all show up and you can see them again? This has been happening to me for a while now and it’s pretty frustrating."
Bumble,"Did I accidentally do something...? I was looking at my message in a chat with someone and I accidentally swiped left on my message. My phone made a little buzz and there was an arrow looking icon pointing to the left... idk if anyone knows what I’m taking about, but my message still shows in the chat.

Can anyone help? Thanks!"
Bumble,Look younger than my age and get no interest. Lower my age and I get interest. What should I do? Im 33 and I look more lik 23. I thought this might be the reason I wasn't getting any likes and when I lowered my age it helped. What should I do?
Bumble,"A bit of a whinge about Bumble / The Bee Line i have had one particular pixellated profile in my Likes Me / Bee Line queue since the day i got this app a couple weeks back. this person still hasnt appeared in my swipe stream though. since ive been having such a rough time using this app (ill open the app and start swiping only for it to 'soft reset' and present me the same profiles as if my swipes didnt matter, always happens on startup) i figured ill try to get to the bottom of my stack since there is only the one remaining profile there who liked me. i just swiped left for 30+ minutes not even particularly paying attention just seeing if i'd swipe the liker and remove it from the Bee Line queue. that didnt happen. i must have swiped 200 profiles and it didnt show me the single one that likes me. its actually annoying as im tired of seeing the notification within the app. it prompted me to edit my bio to let people know to message me on Hinge because i wont be using bumble with any type of regularity anymore, since its clear to me that my options are extremely (artificially) limited without paying for whatever premium Bumble has. i wonder if other men had a similar experience? 

i have a lot more success on hinge and tinder. i read posts from 2 years ago about if you change your matching age and distance radius, then Bumble will present a suitor at the top of the swiping stack but that didnt work for me today."
Bumble,"I understand *unmatches* I was chatting with this guy - maybe 10-15 messages between us. He asks for my number and said if you don’t want to text no worries. So I replied no, not just yet! He said I understand, so I sent cute gif of a girl smiling then he unmatches lol. I’m not sure if the gif really pushed him over the edge or that he really didn’t understand but it happened haha. I wish I could screen shot it to share."
Bumble,"need other bumble users to review my profile and tell me what I'm doing wrong I had my Bumble profile since about 2019 and in that time I've probably only had like two matches that went nowhere because they decided not to message me and just let it expire after the 24 hr period. I don't know if it's something on my profile that's driving women away or if it's that every woman collectively thinks I'm unattractive and instantly swipes left. I swipe and swipe rather it's super swiping and or regular swiping and nothing I also used the bumble boost feature to try and get in front of the line in but that doesn't work either.  I don't know what I'm doing wrong and need help any at all I can handle constructive criticism that'll actually help me in increasing my chances of getting matches and potentially find a girlfriend

Bumble Profile (Review) https://imgur.com/a/grvbhTi

Bumble Photos (Review) https://imgur.com/a/x4QvOpC"
Bumble,"Need a little advice So hey guys, this is my first post on reddit so please bare with me lol. I started talking to this girl on Bumble a while back and after a few days she decided to invite me over to her house on valentines day. I figured i'd go because it's better than being alone, I wasn't really expecting for anything to happen, I just wanted to spend the day with someone. When i got there we started watching How I met your mother on Netflix and just talking, with time this escalated into cuddling and kissing and then finally with Sex. I'm not going to lie, I was very nervous lol, mostly due to the fact that I never had a one night stand before and haven't had sex since my last relationship over a year ago. The thing I would like some advice with is what happened after Sex. I could see that she was enjoying herself and I took care of her needs before taking care of myself. After sex we were just lying on the bed and smiling at eachother and just talking, it was nice and I was really just enjoying the moment. Shortly after that she wanted to give me a blowjob but i wasn't really feeling it due to just meeting her and being tired and then out of nowhere she says how I'm very akward  because i don't show a lot of emotions and often answer to questions using sarcams and humor (defense mechanism when im nervous). One thing lead to another and she just asked me to leave the house in the middle of the night on the premise that we would not fit together well to form a relationship because of my character, which I believe to be very unfair since we just met and I told her why things were the way they were. I really don't know what to think of this, I feel like I got used for sex and then thrown out lol, can you guys like give me some advice as to what actually happened? I would be happy to give more info if that helps"
Bumble,"Motorcycles, guitars, and dead fish Men:  why?  
CA/bay area men:  why Burning Man?"
Bumble,"How many times has a super swipe led to a match? By match, I mean a match that included a convo and/or meetup. Don’t include super swipe matches that never started the convo or immediately unmatched with you.

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/lkodua)"
Bumble,"(Male) People who liked me not showing up on feed? This is a very strange phenomenon that happened after I installed bumble. (Free version)

In the first 24 hours i got 3 likes, matched with one and swiped left on the other. The match never answered but it didn't bother me much.

However there is still one like in my beeline that even after 3 weeks(!) of using the app I still can't have her show up to swipe. I have maxed out swiping on some days and bumble even tells me today that I found ""everyone"" (but not her). I checked my filters and she apparently seems to fit. (She doesn't show up on the beeline when I have specific filters on)

Also since the first day I never got any likes at all, so is the algorithm penalizing me intentionally to make me pay? Has any of those things ever happened to you both guys and girls?

It is very frustrating tbh..."
Bumble,"Whole bunch of new profiles to swipe today I was like, why all these new ones.  Some valentine's day gift?  Then I remembered... It's my birthday today.  Age filters 🤣🤣"
Bumble,Profile deleted Can your profile get deleted for inactivity? I tried to login recently  and it wanted me to make a new profile.   I stopped using it after a woman made at least 3 new profiles and i finally told her off because i was not interested in BDSM or being pegged or is it possible she complained when I told her to stop contacting me.
Bumble,"What would your brutally honest Bumble profile say? Mine is,

Your place or mine? Definitely yours because thiis washed-up 45-year-old divorcee lives with his mum.
Embarrassed and ashamed to show-up for dates in my shitty car which us parked two blocks away,  let's just say I Ubered here.
Dad bod thanks to drinking beer by myself each night while binging The Sopranos. Love crying myself to sleep and getting angry about the likes I get are from the really unattractive."
Bumble,"I'm frustrated and pissed. A question for the ladies It happens quite often to me that I write with a girl, we agree on a video chat, most of the times even on a specific day and time. But they unmatch right before or shortly after the video chat would haven taken taken place (without the video chat happening). Sometimes I ask them if the time is OK with them if I don't get an answer shortly before the my offered date.

What am I doing wrong?"
Bumble,Bumble gives the power for girls to send the first message Girls: hi
Bumble,"Profile advice Hey People of Bumble,
Could you please check my pics and rate my bio before I create my profile? Any feedback is very much appreciated! 

Pics: http://imgur.com/a/91EErJG

Bio: ""I am looking for someone who can inspire me to pick  up my guitar again, hold hands while strolling and can make me believe that my cooking skills are acceptable.
I am a really caring person, I have four houseplants and none of them are dead yet.
I just moved to this part of town, if you know any cool places we should definitely talk""

Thanks everyone, wish you all the best!"
Bumble,"Confused I matched with this girl on bumble but she hasn't messaged me yet . She included her Instagram ID in her bio , should I message her on insta ?"
Bumble,"Account Hey, so I have an active Bumble account that I haven't logged into for a while. I signed up using Facebook &amp; I just recently deleted my Facebookaccount. 

Will my Bumble account stay up or does it get deleted as well? Thanks in advance."
Bumble,Swiped thru everyone on bumble Swiped thru everyone on bumble didn’t think it was possible cuz the list/gallery kept going or felt like it did lol
Bumble,"A couple of questions for the women of Bumble Good morning, hope everyone is staying warm.

I had a couple of questions, mainly for the women on Bumble (guys if you don't know for sure don't answer):

1. Do you have a height filter set and if so is it your height or taller? and if so by how much?
2. Bumble was suppose to empower woman to start the conversation but all I get is ""hi"" or an emoji. Anyway to encourage woman who match with me to start with something more interesting? (What I mean is can I write something in my profile that if you read it you would write me something more than just ""hi"")

Thanks in advance!"
Bumble,Married men/women Is bumble good for married people. ..
Bumble,"How long were you on dating apps before meeting your current BF/GF? Hope to not be on the apps forever 😅 there’s something so not romantic about online dating.. ugh, it’s depressing and discouraging."
Bumble,She bailed out on valentine's day Me and this girl were messaging last night for hours and we had a lot in common. She seemed really interested in me since she would also initiate the conversation and seemed to like my jokes. We decided to set up a date for valentines day. I wake up this valentine's day morning with a message from her saying she no longer wants to go out and doesn't care to see me anymore. Why does this happen?
Bumble,"I thought Bumble was a good app considering women message first. But, you have to pay as the woman and I didn’t expect to be paying for fck buddies. Took me a long time and met a bunch of dudes. Idk man... I’m not into hotels that rent by the hour My experiences with Bumble have been so terrible. And it’s not necessarily Bumble itself, but it’s monitoring algorithm. Took me forever to match with guys that were my type, so many were crude and I can’t even count how many dick pics I got. I’m hoping one day I’ll be proven wrong and I’ll actually find someone with long hair and light eyes and loves hockey and can’t stand people who pass on the shoulder on a 3 lane highway 🙏"
Bumble,"What day is thi....OH I finally actually swiped some matches tonight and was looking forward to conversation.  Why aren't they sending me a message?

Oh, because it's Valentine's Day dumbass.  Just another night, lol."
Bumble,"New to the online dating scene and already lost So I guess a quick intro to explain why I'm the most confused millennial in the world.

27, divorced and a mom of two. Never really dated prior to my ex of 8 years...so I don't know what I'm doing at all. I've been wanting to get back out there, but seeing as I don't really have friends or a social life, I'm giving the online route a try. I figure if anything I'll atleast find some friends.  
  
What I'm lost on is how exactly bumble works? I understand women are to make the first move, but how is that different from other dating apps? Do people match me and then I approve them or something?"
Bumble,"Is it me, or do people’s profiles show less and less personality the taller they are? This isn’t just ment for one gender imparticular. it just seems like a 5’0” girl’s profile has a LOT more personality than a 5’11” girl’s profile. Or a 5’7” dude will have more personality then a 6’2” guy. It’s like the taller they get, the more “basic” they become. 

Of course this doesn’t apply to everyone. It could just be the people in my area. What are your thoughts?"
Bumble,"Does bumble asume that if you leave the app and didn't swipe for the last guy it's a left swipe? It has happened to me a few times by now, mostly people I know that I don't know what to do so I leave the app in panic without swiping, and they never show up again in my queue."
Bumble,"Kind of a very average life I think my life is too boring. I don’t go to school so I can’t even talk about my major or anything, I work a full time job that is very not interesting. I wouldn’t even know what to bring up if I went out on a date. I would feel bad having her talk about herself almost the whole time just because my life is that average and not exciting. I hate this."
Bumble,So I got a match from a girl and... Well so she sent me a message and I didn’t reply right away and left the message to think of what to say but then it immediately disappeared after I didn’t reply...wtf happened? Any way to redo it?
Bumble,"How is not not exhausting? What do you do to keep your dating from not becoming a constant drain on your time, money or motivation? I’m a 42 yo male and have had mild success in dating. There are so many variables that go right to make dating a good experience for both people.

In my case it’s either I like them and they don’t like me or vice versa. Or sometimes it’s great prior to meet his phone, then date falls flat. I even went as far as doing the overnight thing with a really attractive female and then it fizzled out. 

I’m at a point where I want to tap out and meet someone organically IRL."
Bumble,"I wished bumble would have picked up the ball and ran as a leader. instead they fumbled I wished in the pandemic they would have seen okc fucking up with stripped features. just visit the sub and see. but they fell asleep. this was their chance to lead. shame. bumble fumbled

 I used bumble in the past. it was not good. I tried recently. the same. very low ratings on app stores too. such a shame. they had potential."
Bumble,"The help services aren't helping I(23F) have been on Bumble for a few months now and at the start I paid the £2.49 a day for the Premium service, however I cancelled this in early January. I saw that I was still getting charged from my account so emailed the help service and got told to remove payment details through the app. I did this but continued to get charged. I emailed again and didn't get a reply the second time. I have now been charged over £50 for a service I don't want. Can anyone help?"
Bumble,"Should/Can I even just start over? Should I just give up? TL;DR: Should I just give up on my account if I swiped through everyone I was interested in while using an unappealing profile? Is there a way to get another chance to present myself more effectively to people in whom I already expressed interest?

Heterosexual cis man seeking cis woman, here, which if I understand Bumble correctly means I have to wait for someone to contact me.

I’d never online dated before a couple weeks ago, when I started to test out the waters after the recent conclusion of a years-long partnership. I am nervous about the whole thing because:

1) I have to be especially selective about whom I connect with for professional reasons.

2) I don’t want to give away so much information in my profile that random people can just Google me up and find out details about me that I’d rather share on my own terms. There’s nothing I’m embarrassed about that comes up, just public stuff from my professional life that I’d rather not connect to a dating profile I’m using for my private life until I start getting to know someone. 

3) As much as I want to make new connections and am open to meeting someone that I eventually start something with, I don’t want to rush back into something too quickly. 

For these reasons, my profile was pretty unattractive at the beginning. I’m using an alias because of the Google thing, and haven’t mentioned my job, (name + job + location + Internet = figuring out exactly who I am). I have no usable recent photos of myself, so I had to take some mediocre selfies. Because of being tentative about the whole thing, my written summary and prompt responses were initially pretty uninspiring (and probably still are, even after revisions).

I’ve already swiped through everyone in my community that I’m interested in hearing from, but now I’m afraid that having seen my lackluster profile, I’ve totally blown it. I’ve had zero people starting conversations with me in the couple weeks that I’ve had this account. I’ve started to try to improve my profile within the constraints mentioned above, but only after I’d swiped through everyone I was interested in hearing from.

Should I even bother continuing with this account, or might they see my profile again after I make some improvements, better pictures, more clever and fun writing, etc? Is it even worthwhile for me to be doing this at all, if I’m not prepared to share my name unless I connect with someone, first?

I am confident that I could present well in an in-person setting in a way that an online dating profile doesn’t allow for, but who knows when those days will ever be back?"
Bumble,"Do old matches remain when you delete the account and recreate it? I (23F) have old matches appear while swiping and they appear as if they had liked me again. I don't know if the old data still remained or if it's new. I'm super curious about that, hahaha."
Bumble,"Paid for a month, regretting it completely 37/m/Columbus, OH.  

2 weeks into a month membership. Am I just having technical issues or did I just not do enough research?

I get notifications throughout the day ""someone likes you!""

Open it up, nothing.

Daily Email: ""These people liked you""

Picture in the email never showed up to swipe on and is not in my likes...

After 2 weeks I can't wait to be done. Is it just me or do I need to try a reinstall?"
Bumble,"Messages disappear if they unmatch? Just as  the title says.  I take it messages disappear if someone un-matches with you?  I had been logged in while working from home and before heading to bed and wrapping up work I noticed I had a message.  I figured I'd respond first thing today so I wouldn't give off a vibe like I was trying to leave (heading to bed) in case it turned into a conversation.  I logged back in today and it's gone.  :(  

Also, are there any ways to turn on message notifications so I might have a better chance at avoiding this situation again."
Bumble,Account recovery? I got a new cellphone and also decided to get a new number as my previous was constantly getting spam calls. Upon attempting to login to bumble it had no email option but problem is it needs a confirmation number from my old cellphone which I no longer have. So I started creating a new account when it asked me for my email. I typed it in and it said “that email address is already in our system”....so is there a way or not to recover your account via email? Thanks.
Bumble,"Good male photos? Does anyone have an example of a good profile pic that a man has on their profile?

I’m not asking to send pics from your personal convos, but pics that you would swipe right on. 

I feel I’m fairly attractive but Im not a picture taking kind of person. I know my profile should have better pics. so I wanted to see examples of what works. 

You could explain your hearts out on how and what kind of pics to take but I’m a visual learner. I did peruse the web btw, but I wanted to see what real ppl thought."
Bumble,"Bumble is helpful to build a serious relationship? A few months ago, one Japanese female told me that Bumble is helpful to find a boyfriend, and most people on Bumble are serious to build a relationship. She’s Japanese, but grew up in America, the UK and Australia, so she knows more about the West and the East."
Bumble,"First time alone on Valentines in a long time Not gonna lie, I’m lonely and miss my kids. Anyone want to cheer me up?"
Bumble,"I cannot figure this out. Does Bumble Boost show everyone who has swiped right on you ever, or just those who swiped within the past 24 hours?"
Bumble,"are most matches actually interested? I(Bi F) joined a few days ago and have received a ton of matches in my beeline. Over a 100 and it remains at 50 each time I go through and swipe out some. 

Are these guys just swiping on every girl or are most actually interested in talking to me to some degree..?"
Bumble,"Broken Record Guys (also applicable to some gals) - us women have to initiate conversation.  If I stretch my neck out and say  “Hey there , cute dog. What breed is he? How old is he? Does your dog do any tricks” etc... 
Please don’t reply back “he’s a German Shepard” “he’s 4” etc ...    Do you guys know how to have a conversation? Ask me something. It’s like a game of volleyball or pinball... keep it going.
I am just simply unmatching these days. If you are 40+ years old and have not mastered the art of conversation.... imma let you go. Which sucks because I feel like the pickins’ are slim for independent stable professional women in their 40s.  
If you’re having a crazy busy week- it happens - a simple “ Hey crazy busy. Give me a couple days to give you a worthy reply”.   I have done this numerous times when I was interested in knowing someone but distracted by life/work/kids... 
Hoping 2021 brings us all what we want and need! 🥰"
Bumble,"Is Bumble worth paying for? So I recently have been feeling the tinge of isolation with this Covid lockdown, and want to take another go on the online apps. I have decent success 10 years ago. It seemed people were apt to converse moreand there was a little less concern of Bots, scammers and such. I heard there are algorithms behind what the basic app does, and that s paid subscfiption has subliminal, ways to make the user feel as though having success just to continue with the subscription. What are others opinion and experience?"
Bumble,"Blurry images - are they a dealbreaker? So,  are blurry images where you can see the features pretty fine, a dealbreaker?  
I've seen the same on women and it's ok for me tbh."
Bumble,"Just deleted my dating apps...NOT because I found someone. (25F) After 10 months of trying to find a connection through dating apps, I finally got to the point that I'm DONE looking. No, it's not because I was successful and found someone. I've made several matches and had a good number of guys that I talked to for a few weeks at a time, but they've either ended badly or I realized the guy wasn't serious about a relationship. I'm sure this is common to come across, but I'm just sick of it. I feel like after so many failures, I'm truly discouraged. The last guy I talked to (which just ended yesterday) really made me feel like the search was over...he even said so himself. But low and behold, he randomly texts me ending it cuz he can't commit due to his work schedule (whatever). I'm very self-aware to treat these guys as best I can and give them what they need, so I can't really say it's me. I'm just gonna focus on my own life and stop looking cuz it's just not worth my time anymore. I know this is a massive pity party and I thank anyone who actually reads it. Encouragement would be appreciated."
Bumble,"I found my first crush on bumble It was almost literally my first crush, the one that actually gave me butterflies when I was 16, we were friends but nothing happened because he was dating a friend so that's a no no for me, it has been more than 15 years since we talk the last time and I'm pretty sure we won't click right know because his life took many turns, I want to swipe right just to say hi, would that be weird?"
Bumble,"This is my first experience on bumble Like the title says this is my first time using bumble, this is also my first time ever using a dating app or even look for people to date. So i match with this person. We start talking and and i mention that im about to go smoke a joint and she offers to meet up and smoke. The conversation is going well in my opion and im also about to gain a smoking buddy. The conversation doesnt get much farther than aaking where she wants to meet before i get blocked. I need to say that she also gave me a phone number. I was curious about the number so i googled it and what comes up but the number of a trans escort. #transrights #LGBTQ. I am straight but i wasnt going to say no to a smoke sesh. About 15 minutes later after being blocked on bumble i text the number i was give. I still had it copied. I text the number and the person who responded was either not the person who gave the number or was a catfish (which i also asked about before the number was give). I dont know if the number blocked me or they just arent responding now. Im being very polite in my wording asking them questions like"" whats your take on this whole thing"" because they seemed confused as well. Let me know if this was interesting to read or if you want updates. I apologize for spelling errors or weird scentence structure. Have a nice day."
Bumble,"Notification of an unmatch? Or undo an unmatch? I was messaging with a cute girl but now all of sudden I don't see her in my conversations tab?   

I was really interested in going on a date with but I think I might have accidentally unmatched with her.    Is there any way to undo that?    Would I have  any way of getting a notification if she unmatched with me?    

I am so sad now.  I was excited to message her, but now I can't find message her.  😓. To be honest Covid has been really hard on me and I have been painful single since November of 2019 when I was dumped.   

Is there anyway to pay a premium to get back the connection if I unmatched her??"
Bumble,"Just joined Bumble, I have 33 women on my beeline, but don’t match with any I (M) just joined Bumble, the app asked me to start swiping to get matches. In the first 2 hours I got 33 (now it became 34 as I write) women in my beeline. I kept swiping, went through at least 200 profiles, right swiped probably 40-50 of those, but no matches. Now the app tells me I can’t swipe today anymore. The number of people in my beeline also didn’t go down when I left swipe. So it seems the app doesn’t show me any of those 34 women. What’s going on? I’m confused. Are all of them fake accounts?"
Bumble,"Weed out insecure men? &gt;because ladies must message first, Bumble has a tendency to weed out of the more insecure men

Commonly seen about Bumble. Am I the only one who don't get... how? How are insecure men weeded out by women messaging first? ELI5, anyone?"
Bumble,New phone. Downloaded bumble. iphone is forcing me to create new profile but I just want to login to old one! Whats up guys? Sorry if this topic has been previously covered but I just downloaded the app on a new iphone 12 i picked up today. I'm looking everywhere for a login option but it insists that I create a new profile under the email associated with my apple ID. Any ideas?
Bumble,"What makes an attractive profile? So I’ve been told I’m an attractive dude. What exactly am I doing wrong since I don’t get too many matches? I mean I get some, but not nearly as many as I would like to be getting. Can someone reach out and tell me what it is that makes a guys profile attractive to the point you swipe right? Thanks."
Bumble,"What makes a woman to right swipe a man ? Is it the basic info, good pics or prompts ? 
I(25m Indian) am using bumble on and off, on because I want to find a date, off because I am tired of swiping. I am very picky, I just make 10 right swipes a day on average out of 60-70. My friends suggest I right swipe all 60-70 to find matches. It is because, I just have 10-15 matches till now right from the beginning (over an year) and only 5 of them started the conversation. Looking at these numbers, statistically it seems I should swipe everyone right and that’s why men swipe right on all of women. How does this work ? What is the right way? Or is it only me ? What are the priorities here?"
Bumble,Been on bumble for a week with no matches Pain time
Bumble,"I really wish I could keep location in my home town. &lt;rant&gt;

I know it’s a paid feature, working on getting a sub, but I just wish I could at least keep the location at home. I travel for work on a daily basis, and I just really want to match close to home not all over the place. 

&lt;\rant&gt;"
Bumble,"Are rejected profiles really gone forever? When I got on Bumble back in December, I swiped left on several profiles (including some in my Beeline) that I just wasn't sure about, but two months later, I wish I would see some of those people again. Will I ever see any of those people again, or are they gone forever?? I've seen the screen saying I'm all caught up, several times, but none of them have ever reappeared. 

Also, I feel like SO many of the profiles I see are of people just passing through and don't actually live in my area. I would really just like to view profiles of people I can actually regularly date in person, and I feel like the distance filter is meaningless in this regard.

Just feeling disgruntled with this particular dating app...."
Bumble,"Blocking - how to and consequences Hi, could someone help me understanding how to block a person from seeing my profile. I have been using the app and there is someone i'd prefer not to see on there myself, nor them see me.

Is there a block function?

&amp;#x200B;

thanks"
Bumble,"Does Bumble create fake likes? I created my account yesterday night as I have to self-isolate and I’m highly boring. I use other apps and gave Bumble a go a few years ago, so I know more or less my worth.

When I woke up this morning I had 28 likes which is a ton for a guy like me. I’ve been swiping for a while and not a single match. 

To me, it feels all fake likes they have done so I’ll pay the Premium but I though Bumble was better than that."
Bumble,"Why is my bumble account not showing? I just got my account back after snoozing it for a few months and all of a sudden I’m getting no matches, which is extremely weird (not trying to be egocentric or anything it’s just how it usually is) which leads me to believe my profile is not showing I’ve heard of it happening to other people. I don’t know how to fix it. Any ideas?"
Bumble,"Does Bumble Make Fake Profiles? I'm seeing a lot of recycled bios (word for word) and profiles that just aren't consistent (profile says they live in X but their location says Y and wear jerseys from University Z on the other side of the Continent.) They are always like poster model attractive as well.

I don't think they are scam bots because they never seem to match. Maybe just there to make the app seem more attractive/ popular than it really is?"
Bumble,"Anyone just stayed friends after matching with someone? So about a month ago a woman and I matched on bumble and started talking quite a bit  (We can’t meet up since we are in quarantine ). We have a lot in common like a crazy amount, and the convo flows pretty well and is completely platonic. I’m starting to think that we may be better of as just friends. 

Has anyone just stayed friends with one of there matches or am I thinking way to much in advance? 

What should I do people? Thank you 😊

P.s. I am complete new to the dating thing as you can probably tell"
Bumble,"Always having to keep the conversation going is annoying I swear on all these dating apps I find myself trying to carry the conversation. Women rarely ask me anything as I am usually asking them questions to get to know them better.

What do you do to try to keep a conversation going before giving up?"
Bumble,question about swimsuit pictures I get that it's good to show that you have an active life but are swimsuit pictures kind of a thirst trap? Are they more common for either women or for men?
Bumble,"Being clear about wants and needs This is mostly aimed at the women of r/Bumble. 

So I've been talking to a girl who seems pretty cool, we get on well and the conversation is nice. We're planning to meet (maybe tomorrow). 

I do have one sort of ""problem"".... 

I do have a foot fetish, I'd like to let her know about this before anything gets serious incase it's something she's not down with and can back out of this before anything happens between us. 

Is there any skillful or tactful way to bring this up without just sounding like a creep with sex on my mind? 

Any help would be appreciated 💕"
Bumble,"can't talk to people? I tried messaging people, but they just don't respond for a genuine convo. Here is the whole pic: I have put up two pictures of me, but the majority ignores my messages, while some respond. I do not understand what is going on to be honest, but its draining and just unfortunate."
Bumble,Ugh I’m so tired of girls having “I can out drink you” on their profile like I don’t care! Congratulations you have something on your profile that so many girls have
Bumble,"Quick question So I started using bumble, I’m a guy interested in girls, it said that I have three like and that in order to see who I need to pay. But that doesn’t mean I start the convo right? And the only way is for a girl to message me right? But do I need premium for that?"
Bumble,"White text on yellow text bubbles are yet another stupid thing about this app. Bee's are black and yellow. Black on yellow would be more visible than white on yellow. 

White on yellow is conceptually and functionally ridiculous."
Bumble,"Do girls on bumble simply not use the app? I can see why some guys just give up and spam the right swipe. Is Bumble even worth it for men? So it seems that on Bumble, the app where women Must make the first move, it may not be worth it to actually read the profiles and take a few seconds to decide whether to swipe right or left. I have spent hours on here, and I haven't been able to get a single match. I wonder if everyone else feels this way about Bumble. 

Now I understand that I am not gods gift to women, so before I get the flak, save it. I get it. I know my profile is effective because I meticulously created it with a lot of feed back and info that I have acquired from here and many females perspectives. Also it seems to work more effectively on other apps like Hinge. 

But i'de like to get a sense of whether women even check his app, or what the issue is. Because it doesn't make sense at this point. Is Bumble even worth it for men? 

Or is adopting the spam right swipe technique the only way. If so this isn't good news for the very women that bumble is supposed to serve I imagine. 

Let's get this convo started. I'm curious."
Bumble,"Petty post. Why are you calling me ma’am? 31 female, we are in the south but oh my god. Multiple guys calling me ma’am. I’m not your 5th grade teacher.  It says my name right at the top of your screen!
Oh my gosh it makes me feel so NOT CUTE. 
Wouldn’t be opposed to being called Mommy 😏😂
THAT LAST PART IS A JOKE.
Edit n’t"
Bumble,"Issue with pictures I recently rejoined Bumble after a long break. I had all my pictures set and decided to change one. It's just me standing with a glass of champagne. Now bumble has deleted all my pictures except 2 saying they're not real, they're filtered or have text on them. None of this is the case. I'm just wondering if anyone has had this issue, it's extremely frustrating as I just paid for premium as well."
Bumble,Joined bumble Joined bumble hopefully this doesn’t go horribly and I meet someone worth meeting/being with (hopefully long term) wish me luck
Bumble,"Over 18 can't access account due to age restriction I'm 25, but I can't access my account due to the 18+ age restriction. Bumble support has been very slow with the issue I can't find another way to resolve the issue."
Bumble,"Question for Girls Can I ask you girls a question? I’ve come across this a lot. Why do you girls match with a guy, then let the match expire? Why don’t you just send a hi as soon as you see it was a match? It’s that easy. It kinda hurts when I extend the match and you don’t even try to get a conversation going. You girls have the first move in this app, and us guys can’t do anything until you do. Why are you here if you don’t intend to start it?

This might be a rant that just girls I come across do but it gets in my nerves when we match and it expired without anything being said."
Bumble,Unauthorized charges I got bumble boost and canceled it a few days later. I thought all was well til I checked my account a few days later and have still been being charged. My account shows no active subscription and they have now taken over 50 dollars from me. I have reached out to support multiple times with no response and am about to have to call my bank and report fraud as I am still being charged daily! I just don't want to have to get new bank info. Anyone else have this issue? How did you resolve it?
Bumble,"Pet Peeve It's ""Fun fact I'm obsessed with""

Not ""Fun fact, I'm obsessed with"" or ""Fun fact: I'm obsessed with""

Like it's supposed to be a fact and 80% of the time people fill it out wrong. Idk, it's just a dumb pet peeve I have. Is anyone else annoyed by this?"
Bumble,"Bumble Premium I just opened bumble this morning and I find that my current bumble subscription (boost) no longer has the feature of being able to see who has already swiped right on me. And now in order to see that I have to pay for the premium subscription, which is $66.99 a month. I currently pay $14.99. And they say “it’s only $52 more than your current subscription”. Like wtf? ONLY $52?? That’s more than 4x what I pay now. Anyone else think this is just grossly absurd? And what else comes with the premium subscription? Match isn’t even that much and they offer 10x the features and it’s more in depth than just swiping right on someone. Greedy bastards."
Bumble,"Just keeping people? Hey, so I'm pretty new to Bumble (M29) and I've noticed quite a lot that people will match with me then message me with varying degrees of interest from an emoji, hi or even something good like ""hey I like your profile"" or ""you're really handsome, how are you?"" But then after I reply there's nothing 🤷 

**For reference my reply is usually a thank you, a greeting and then ask them something about themselves or their profiles**

Is there a culture here of women just keeping me on the list of guys with no intention to talk further or meet? What's going on?"
Bumble,"When should I unmatch? Hey there! I'm brand new to this stuff. With my matches so far, I always make sure to start the conversation but how do I know if I'm getting ghosted after we start talking a bit? Should I wait for the full 24hrs if someone doesn't respond the first time around or unmatch them before that? When we start talking, what's a good rule of thumb to assume that I'm getting ghosted?  I feel super rude when I unmatch with someone, but I am assuming that I'm getting ghosted. Any tips? Give me the etiquette lol. 

Edit: Oh I'm 20F btw."
Bumble,"Thread gone, still getting email notifications What am I missing, conversation was going well, conversation disappeared, I knew she was going to reply without going into context. I get an email saying she dropped me a message 2 days after the missing thread but I don't see it in my messages."
Bumble,"Misleading locations I live in a major urban area.

I’ve had 2 matches in a week who don’t live where their profiles say they do. One lived about an hour north, the other 90 minutes east. 

They both were logging in using their work location  to get matches. I called out the second guy on it and he complained that women ghost every time they learn where he lives. I told him they probably interpret it as purposely misleading them which is why they ghost. 

Why waste your time and mine? Be honest and say where you are located"
Bumble,"Fuck it I’m all in on calls As soon as options trading becomes available I’m going all in on 100c for bumble expiring in either June or July.   Gonna make a ton of cash, buy a Ferrari, download bumble and post a pic w it, and have hella women ‘messaging first’.  Anybody else buying the stock ?


If I post on my profile that I own the stock then maybe they’ll give me a little boost to help me get a little boost u feel me 😎"
Bumble,"Why did he ask me out yet is taking a long time to respond (12+ hours)? Two days ago, I matched with a guy from Bumble (we're both mid 20s) whom I had previously matched with several months ago. We had talked for 1 or 2 weeks, multiple paragraphs but it kinda went nowhere and never led to talks of a date/exchanging numbers. He said he remembered that we matched before but wasn't sure why the convo ended, and then I said I think we talked about books or something mundane and it kinda derailed. Then I said hopefully it wouldn't fizzle out this time. He then said ""well how do you propose we ramp up the energy? Talk about exciting things or say screw it and meet up for drinks instead?"" So a couple hours later I said something like ""Sure! Let's meet up for drinks"" and got no response since then (like 12+ hours). Even with our other exchanges before that he took kind of a long time to respond (~3-4 hours).

This isn't the first this has happened to me on Bumble; the most recent date I'd been on, the guy suggested the date, I agreed, then he never followed up with plans until I gave him a nudge. I wonder if it's the nature of the app, with girls making the first move on Bumble and guys want girls to do more of the heavy lifting. Why do guys suggest a date but then not follow up, or take a long time to respond? Would a guy still bother to ask out a girl that he wasn't that interested in? Or is it just not knowing what to say/putting off planning logistics of the date?"
Bumble,Love language What does everyone have for their life language?
Bumble,Just got on the Bumble Train! i would like to get everyone's opinion on the stock price and predictions??...
Bumble,"Question about dating apps Why do people decide to ghost instead of just unmatch? If you don't want to talk to someone anymore, why give them an avenue to keep bugging you?"
Bumble,"Why do people text without planning to meet? We started texting Jan 23rd and he hasn't asked to meet. We both don't know what we're looking for yet, is it because of Valentines Day being this weekend?

He always texts me back, sometimes immediately sometimes a few hours later. He keeps the conversation going with good replies but doesn't ask me questions

Update: he asked me to meet. I really appreciate the advice"
Bumble,"Has anyone used the new ""Night In"" Feature yet? Was it fun/ worthwhile? I hate how often these online trivia things can be boring and awkward, especially when you don't know the person... Has anyone tried it and had fun?"
