subreddit,title_selftext
coffeemeetsbagel,"99+ likes but only seeing 1-2 suggested/likes you a day? New user to CMB here. Not gonna lie, this app is kind of frustrating off the bat. Is this a way for them to push premium, and will it eventually show more than 1-2 people at a time? (Like after a week?)

I know the goal is quality &gt; quantity but I don’t understand how one could possibly be able to get through the count if I can only see that few a number of profiles a day."
coffeemeetsbagel,"""Discover"" tab always skews to one type I've been in Southern California until a recent move to Seattle. In both cities the ""Discover"" tab is always 90% young (under 35), Asian, Christian women who are not at all aligned with my suggested preferences of Jewish women (no ethnicity parameters) between the age of 33 and 38. The uniformity of type makes me wonder if these aren't even real profiles to begin with. It's just odd because the women suggested to me thus far (in my daily ""bagel"" matches) have been noticeably more diverse. I'm just wondering if this is something others have encountered as well?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I (20F) found someone (25M) from here and he turns out to be rather off. Hi everyone,
This is a rather long thread. I may look like I'm spilling everything, but I just wanna say, even decent people are not that great sometimes.....

So a few months ago, I was talking with this guy from CmB. When we met up, he was decent, but I found the things he talked online with me kinda insensitive.

He would tell me to inform him whenever I'm working out. He'd ask me if I have abs lines on my stomach (what a fucked up thing to ask, tbh) because he assumed everyone who works out would have a line on their belly.

He said ""drama"" when I genuinely was telling him stories about my past. He claimed I liked to overreact, a drama queen, when at the same time, he also confided in me about personal things (his fight with mom). 
He claimed his ex-GF couldn't do anything, was bad at English, had no friends, awkward among new people, unreliable, and dressed unfashionably (like a migrant worker, he said). I honestly think his fashion wasn't the best either. He claimed he did NOT love his ex that he dated for 5 years; didn't know why he dated her when they got nothing in common, he said. He asked me whether I think my ex was good-looking. I said yes, but he just said ""I think my ex was just okay. Other men prioritize physical appearance, but I don't"". He seemed proud when I mentioned about him treating his ex like a charity case.

He kept sending me pictures of his veiny hand, which I think he's proud of it too. He sent me pic of his hand when he's driving, petting his dog. I feel like men would send pictures that they are proud of. He also sometimes sent his work, which I appreciate.

He made me feel bad about not going out with friends, when there's a pandemic looming around. I don't feel bad about not being too social tho, but I don't know why he made a big deal out of ""hanging out with friends"", when in reality, he felt like he could not truly confide with his own friends because he doesn't trust them. And he felt like he got overlooked by his own best friends when they forgot his own bday. He told me, ""It's nice having you around to talk about nonsensical things"" - to be honest, this kinda hurt me because we talked about a lot of personal stuff, not only about nonsense.

He kept calling me a stranger, a person. He refused to call me by my name although we have met a couple of times because it's ""too intimate"", he said. In reality, he called his own friends by names. This guy was very cocky, saying things like ""Oh, did you lose sleep because you've been thinking about what i said?"" and ""Your ex was bad at sex, wasn't he"". And he would be very pretentious, saying things like - ""According to data, I will rank boba tea from worst to best"" 
and 
""I like the current arrangement of our chats right now, with me not replying too often"" 
and 
""You have passed the chatting criteria, according to me. Most only lasted for 2 months"". I was just very naive at that time, thinking he was cool lol. 

Uhm, Yeah I think that's about it? He sends me cool comic strips though, those were nice. I just think he's kind of a prick, don't you also think so? Or is he just...... a normal guy?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is this a serious relationship app? Is CMB an app that people who want to find serious relationships use? 
How many of you have had luck finding something serious?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Despite preferences, Suggested is full of way too young people Yeah, they’re crazy got, but of course they are, they’re 12 years younger than me! But why are they constantly in my feed? I filter my search to be a more adult age range (no younger than 43) but I keep getting beautiful 39 year olds who I know won’t message me back.
Help!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"guys, how do you usually react if a girl reopens a chat months ago? he sent me a message before connecting but i somehow missed his chat, how do you usually go about this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,How long does it take for someone to see you in 'likes you'? Hi. Two days ago I liked someone and since then they disappeared from my discover page. How long does it take for someone to see they liked you? I for example have about 50 likes you but can't see any of them. Every few hours it shows only two. Does this mean that if someone were to have also fifty likes that they would only see that I liked them DAYS later?! Lord help. They were so cute too...
coffeemeetsbagel,"Not able to send messages with likes OK so I am new to CMB and can't seem to message someone I like.  I went on the CMB support site and they said that typically if you're a guy (I am) and you like someone you can't start messaging until they like you back.  Fair enough.  But then they also say that you can send a message with your like even if they don't like you yet by clicking on the ""chat"" icon/bubble next to the like/heart icon on their profile.  I've yet to see that icon (see attached pic).  If it matters, I messaged someone from the ""discover"" screen, so maybe it's different with the daily matches or whatever they're called.

What's going on?

https://preview.redd.it/ge8zxsyrwem61.png?width=828&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0298ba4d408b374b46c588924a5bdc0839d7d9da"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question about read receipts Anyone know at what point does the Read Receipt kick in?

If you close the notification out of the app, will it register it as ""read""? or do you actually have to go into the app, go into the conversation/chat itself and then it's ""read"".

Just curious since a conversation that was going well for a few days suddenly stopped and there is no read receipt for my last message. I highly doubt the person hasn't looked at their phone in days.

I can understand ghosting mid conversation, it happens - but the last read receipt is from a previous message, so that's just a little stranger.

Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Undelete chats? Is it possible to undelete chats somehow? I accidentally deleted a chat with someone. I know if they send a message it will pop back up, but is there anything I can do on my end?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"No read receipt but received message from match. I am currently on the 7 day free premium trial. I sent a message and have not seen a read receipt. It is strange because my match sent a message unrelated to the message I had sent. Are my messages getting through? Earlier messages do have the read receipt and other matches do as well, so I'm not sure if this is a bug."
coffeemeetsbagel,"First date First date, should the guy pay or the girl should offered to pay too?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Back on after a year I haven't used this app for a year and I came back on for a few days.

I noticed many of the women I chatted with and dated for the past several years are still on the app.

I chatted with a couple of new people, and the conversation fizzled out after 1 day. Just about what I expected, since I don't take the app seriously anymore.

Also, I tried to like someone in discover. No response. I've never gotten a response from using beans in discover. I don't know how CMB can monetize this.

Swiping dating apps made dating into an \*addictive\* video game. Just like robin hood made trading stocks into an addictive video game.

I hope everyone goes out and lives their life. And don't get too attached to online dating or discouraged by the results. There are other ways to meet people, and I hope after covid people go back to that. Don't invest all your time into dating apps.

Good luck to all!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is there a way I can get support to change my name? I checked my profile and for some reason it’s got my name wrong and I can’t edit it
coffeemeetsbagel,"Would my profile be a turn off? Hi! I have just signed up for an account and am new to online dating. I have quite a good number of matches and likes but most of them either don’t initiate a conversation(sorry but I really do prefer it if the guy makes a move first. However, I have initiated one or two convos when I am really interested) or they would send me a automated reminder saying that they wanna meet up for coffee date etc. 

Thing is, since I am new to dating, and also because I am still trying to feel comfortable with talking to strangers, I prefer to have a proper chat with the app first before actually meeting. I went on to add a prompt on my profile stating ‘I am interested in having a proper conversation by texting first. If you are looking for someone to meet in person, I am probably not your gal.’. My question is, is this a total turn off?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Will I run out of bagels of guys one day? I am just curious will I run of bagels of guys one day, perhaps no more guys to swipe on? Any idea?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Delayed chat messages? Hi! Is anyone else experiencing delayed chat messages? I have a chat going with someone, and I thought he had stopped talking to me. That is fine. I was going to move on. But this afternoon I saw that he had written more to me last night. These new messages just didn't show up until this afternoon. Weird! Now I'm worried that my response back hasn't reached him. Is there a glitch?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Any suggestions on how to improve my profile I’m thinking of reactivating my account after about a year of hiatus. I already gave it a shot to revamp my profile, but I am not super great at this. Any tips or suggestions?

My profile can be found here: https://imgur.com/a/SKV9qsO

Ice Breakers:
1. I was born on an island in the Caribbean and love the laid-back Caribbean lifestyle

2. I collect signed and limited books. I even own a signed book from Barack Obama and Stephen King

3. As a wildlife photographer, I can ID many different animals and get way too excited when one is new to me. Bear with me on this."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Problems... I have had the app for maybe a week now. The discover page doesn’t change, it’s still the same people who i am not attracted to whatsoever. No ones liked me but I’m assuming this has something to do with me being not active? (I’ve sent like 4 likes from discover). So Suggested and Likes You are both empty, and discover doesn’t change from the same people.

How the fuck do you talk to people on this app? I’d heard it was good."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Did CMB change its algorithm recently? I used to get matches, but not anymore. I started using CMB in October. I was managing to get one match every week or so, which is pretty good by my standards (I'm a guy in case it isn't obvious). But since around the beginning of January, I've gotten zero matches. I deleted my account and started with a new one last week, but still haven't had a single match."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Extend the Conversation doesn't work The you have x days to extend the chat doesn't work even after exchanging several messages. In short, you guys are idiots."
coffeemeetsbagel,"No likes on small icon after passing multiple guys bagels I wanna check if there is no more likes on small icons, means no one likes u right?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Give up? Hey everyone just wanted to ask for some advice. I am 27F and I have been talking to someone on CMB for 2 months we’ve exchanged where to go on potential dates but hasn’t happened. I get it! Its covid and its best to be safe than sorry. Last few days he seems distant. They don’t engage as much as before. Could I be possibly over thinking it? Or should I move on ? Any advice is appreciated. It is my first time on these apps.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do people need to pay to see your discover like? If I use beans to like a discover, will they see the like in their likes tab?  If so, don’t they need to be a paying member to see that like?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is anyone else having problems signing in? I’m trying to log in with my phone number but I don’t seem to be getting the text with the login code. I’ve reinstalled the app and restarted my phone. Anyone else having issues or is this just me?
coffeemeetsbagel,"How does discover work? I only like people in discover, haven’t liked any of the bagels. How is discover different from bagels?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Anyone else getting much fewer matches lately? I used to get 2-4 matches a month, even during covid.  Last November, I got 3 matches.  Since then, I've gotten literally 0.  Going from about a match a week to over 3 months without a single match seems weird.  Is this happening to anyone else?  I've already confirmed that my account is set to active.  Is CMB just out of active people in my area or something?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB Sold me then lost me in under 10 min. I found CMB today as a potential alternative to the horribleness of other online dating apps. I created an account using my phone number, got the verification code, answered the questions, uploaded some photos, and was ready to find some matches. I then got logged out of the app and now I can't log back in. I can get another verification code, but the app just keeps bringing me back to the front login page, and there's no clear way through the app to get support.

So much for CMB, I guess the search for the mythical sane dating app continues."
coffeemeetsbagel,How to edit prompts on Android? I might be blind but I cannot figure out how to edit my prompts on Android.
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to tell if someone is paused or deactivated? I have an expired conversation with a guy I matched with awhile back still in my list of matched bagel conversations.  I can still see his profile and picture. Besides re-starting the chat or paying for the VIP membership, how do I know if he’s still active?  Or rather, how do I know he’s not paused or deactivated?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Worst Dating App This is truly the worst of the dating apps. I’m in a major city and the options are super limited and the app is ridiculously expensive for what it offers. Has anyone had any success with it?
coffeemeetsbagel,Profile review? https://imgur.com/a/nEsQL5q
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question for the ladies So after a match, I usually try to ask about one of the questions that you have left. I dont get much reply on it and after 3 days or so it just expires. Whats the deal? Is it basically you liked and looked and not interested? Is it the time thingy that yhou are unavailable but to be active you are liking? Is it too many matches and decision overload? I am confused. Or is it just random swiping games? I am getting matches but i dont seem to figure out what the ladies I am matched with are looking for? Should i not message first? And its mainly with CMB. One hand i am starting to like the design in a bigger city setting but on other hand, in a smaller town, the matches were much more interactive (though few). Help me undertand the situation so i can change my strategy accordingly."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Ho to change recommendations? Hello,

All my matches are from IT/Finance/Legal/Healthcare background, while I am looking for matches that are from artistic background, e.g., musicians, artists, filmmakers, etc. What change can I make to tweak the recommendations? 

I am currently a Technology Director in a Fintech firm (my job section), while I am pursuing music and film studies (in my school section).

Thank you in advance!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I label my religion still as Christian? I was born and raised Christian, so I still hold a lot of values and beliefs from it. I don’t practice anymore and I kind of feel like I don’t believe in everything I did when I was kid going to church all the time. The issue for me is that every girl I see online usually says under there bio “must love Jesus” or something a long those lines and I’m just not sure I will mesh well with them all. Should I change my religion to something like spiritual but not religious? Or should I just keep the current choice and hope to find someone not large into practicing religion"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Glitch or what? I recently noticed some of my old expired matches have no bio anymore. Everything is as normal, except the prompts they had answered are no longer there. Zero prompts displayed on their profile, just their stats like height ethnicity etc. Is this a glitch? Or did they purposely take out all the prompts?

Also some of them have some photos that have been replaced with the person icon (like a Facebook user that never uploaded a profile pic). What’s up with this? Error loading the pic?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Likes You vs Discover I’m a guy and have been using CMB for a long time now. This is the first time there’s been something in my Likes You tab. Normally I see a girl who likes me in Discover and can match right away. Will the person in the Likes You tab ever show up to match? There is no way I have a queue of girls interested in me as I only match with one every six months or so on this app.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Suggested bagels Why are all my suggested bagels overweight and of the same race? I live in downtown Toronto. When I take a walk outside, this is not what the population looks like. Note that I'm a 180 cm male weighing 160 lb so I'm not sure why the app thinks the right matches for me are 200 lb."
coffeemeetsbagel,How do I unmatch someone?? When I click on the 3 dots at the top of a chat it only says block or report. No unmatch. I’m confused as to how I can unmatch someone.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are the number of likes real? It’s my first time using any dating apps and after logging on to CMB after a night, I realised that I have 99+ likes below. Has my profile been viewed by that many people, or is this just a way for CMB to get me to pay for premium."
coffeemeetsbagel,Coffee doesn’t really go with bagel. Coffee and donut or bagel and cream cheese.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is 5'6"" really that big of a problem? I been using this app for a really long time (over a year) and i have no matches. I dont think im ugly in any way but this is really disappointing and soul crushing to be honest. I have a good job and i just want to settle down but at this point, i give up. I have liked every single one they threw at me for the past month to see how it is like to even get matched but still... nothing. I did everything they told me to do to make my profile ""pop"" and it doesnt help at all. Is height really that big of a deal??"
coffeemeetsbagel,"No matches I’ve had this app for two weeks, and use it everyday, and I have not gotten a single match...none...is this normal?!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Sneaky CMB, always putting the best looking girls at the top of the Discover section. Almost no chance of matching with them. But go ahead and flush your money. In the past, the girls in the Discover section would eventually end up in the Suggested section.

But I haven't noticed that lately.

&amp;#x200B;

The discover section allows you to piss away your money, and you can't even send a memo with your donation.

and I keep seeing the same people that I swiped left on multiple times.

Come on man!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Will you ghost the guy if conversation is always one sided? Recently matched with a guy but I realised conversation is one-sided only, chat is getting boring. Does anyone feels so? He only asked one qn so far at the start.. should I just let convo expire?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do I stop recurring CMB subscription charges on iphone?! I went through my settings and I swear I canceled the subscription on 2/5. Then I get charged for another month's worth of premium on 2/8. The worst part is that I cannot find any other option to cancel the ""active"" subscription on my iphone. Does anyone know how to inactivate it?! I PM'ed CMB here already and have requested that Apple give me a refund."
coffeemeetsbagel,"No Likes? I’m a 34 year old woman and I just noticed that I have no likes. I’ve been on the app for a bit. I noticed that most people on here asking about likes are male, so I’m worried it’s because I’m ugly or something. The app has gotten better at showing me guys that I’d be interested in, but it looks like those guys aren’t interested in me. It’s kind of bumming me out, to be honest. I also read that the app can be buggy. I had Likes before, but they aren’t there anymore. Though the Likes I was getting were guys that weren’t my type. I’m not sure what’s going on. Any ideas? I’m worried this doesn’t happen to women often."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Don’t try to purchase for subscribe, they will ban your account instead. The story is begin in 12/2. 

In 12/2 I find that the Lunar New Year’s promo came so I try to purchase for the 3 months promo subscribe, but since I never use the subscribe features before, I started my 7 days free trial. After a few test, I think those subscribe features are worth to try so I decided to purchase for 3 months subscribe in promo price. However, I find that my free trial will end in 19/2 and before that day I can’t purchase for any subscribe anymore. So I wrote an email to ask for CMB’s support teams for help. And this is how my nightmare begin.

I have written an email to ask about how can I purchase 3 months subscribe in my case. But their teams never answer for my question. And tell you what... after a few emails chat, the 3 fingers trick comes and my account is banned"
coffeemeetsbagel,"10 days on CMB: thoughts, observations, things that make me pass First time trying online dating. 10 days and counting. 9 matches. No dates yet.

If there's anything I've gotten out of this app, it's that talking doesn't have to be hard. I'm terrible at conversation, even with close friends, and I'm even worse at being the one to start talking. But being on CMB has forced me to start the convos and turns out it's not that bad.

Biggest trip-up from the app: when it's showing you a bagel that already liked you, only a chat button shows up instead of both like and chat. This freaked me out at first bc I thought if someone already liked my profile, my only option is to start a chat, which I was scared of. passed on one or two decent bagels in my first few days bc of this. It took me a while to realise hitting the chat button once just 'likes' the profile but I don't have to message them right away. I've now gotten over this and sent the first message in most of my matches.

Things that make me pass a profile:

1. lack of info. Either no prompts answered or sparse one-liner responses or non answers. This is the most common one. e.g. one guy wrote ""what a generic question"" for 'I like...' Sure it's generic but just answering it straight would give me more info than this useless response. Filling up your profile gives me things I can start a chat with!!
2. when every photo is a gym photo/mirror selfie/mask photo/group shot/distance shot where I can't really see your face. Also if you're gonna take a mirror selfie at least make sure your face is in focus and not obscured by your phone. (ETA: forgot to mention: when every photo is a national service photo)
3. Profile says 'want kids' --&gt; hard pass. This one's just personal. Similarly, if any of their photos show them with kids, even if their details doesn't answer the family plans prompt. Or, in one case, saying his fear is ""telling his future kids How I Met Your Mother on CMB""
4. selfies with snapchat filters/other filters. especially the dog ones or animal ears. Maybe some people find that cute but I hate those.
5. photos with women (unless it's clear it's a family member, or it's a group/activity shot with multiple people)
6. Mentioning their religion in their prompts. Having a religion is fine, but writing about it suggests a devotion that I cannot match.

I'm a female looking at male profiles, so I'm curious if there's any ""trends"" across female profiles that guys (or other women) notice?

other random things:

* does anyone read the captions on photos? it's not that I don't care, but I tend to forget I can do that cos you gotta tap on the photos to open the captions.
* this one guy who's almost a foot taller than me, who states that he likes his date to be tall, yet still liked my profile. Was confused, but I'll take it as a compliment i.e. I have other qualities that lets you overlook my height. Or maybe he didn't even read my profile to see my height, so...guess my pictures are good-looking enough?
* just stating your horoscope/MBTI type does not a profile make. I mean, I do find MBTI theory kinda interesting but I can't judge your entire person based on your type.
* this app sure is glitchy. the 'likes you' section seems to update later than the other tabs. And some days the app only showed me like 6 bagels at noon but added more later in the day as if the system was slow or something.
* sending a message that just says ""hi"" or ""hello"" when liking someone is useless. I feel like this is something the app suggests to people (""sending a message increases chances of a match"" owtte) but it's gotta have a bit more substance"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are people on CB to make friends? So I recently made a connection on CB and we hit it off really well. I later noticed on her page that it said she had a lot of changes so she's keeping it casual. With a few more dates, I come to understand she isn't looking for anything romantic but was on CB to meet new friends. 

Is this pretty common? 

I kind of thought that dating sites removed any ambiguity about whether someone wants to be friends or to date but in this case, seems that's not always true. 

We are on good terms but it is a bit frustrating to not be able to trust these sites to get the whole ""are we friends or are we dating"" thing out of the way."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Ladies of CMB are you finding the dudes too clingy? (Question for the Ladies) Have lady friends using the app who often tell me stories of finding a really nice profile and a guy who seems really cool, but then they meet up and the dude turns out to be clingy/ white knight letdown. 🤔 Is this a common thing in your experience?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB updates CMB updates, any differences???"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guy i am talking to and sort of seeing - met up twice for about 1 month updated his bio - like photos and prompts? how do you guys see it, i am kinda bummed but I know we are not exclusive yet, yeah but i feel a little affected."
coffeemeetsbagel,"She actually said yes!! (What do you do?) What do I do!?

I am both leaping with joy at the same time in complete utter shock.  She actually said yes to wanting to meet online to get to know each other.  No one has ever said yes to me before since I started online dating.  Do I need to find like a restaurant for food?  Do I need to order tickets to a museum?  Do I use Door Dash?

Since this happen organically how can we safely date online and protecting against scams?   
What do people in the CMB community use for virtual dating these days?

 I mean I have a Business version of zoom, but I do I need to do some set up to link my CMB  to my Zoom?  Or can I somehow use Coffee Meets Bagel Nudge?

Desperately needing help and advice,

dusky186

&amp;#x200B;

[Honestly, I am kind of in shock still](https://preview.redd.it/nklt2sk4w5g61.png?width=750&amp;format=png&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=37b64dc68154da3075b264c15a1712a641c1d30c)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Deactivating account Was wondering if u deactivated your account indefinitely and reactivate your account again, does it mean your account is new to existing users? How does it works? Been seeing same profile who liked u again and again."
coffeemeetsbagel,Matches but straight away ghosting Have anyone encounter this before? Someone likes u but straightaway ghosting without starting a conversation?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Messages going through, but also not? I reinstalled the app because whenever I went to the edit my photos section, it was showing up with my friends photos (we had logged into her account from my phone). It was showing like that for a good month before I decided to reinstall. That worked, but when I went to my chats, the last message I had sent to one particular person wasn't showing up. I wouldn't of known had he not prompted me for a reply, because the last I saw my message had gone through just fine. 

I just reinstalled again because I was suspicious that I hadn't heard anything back from this person, and sure enough, the last message I had sent hours ago isn't showing up. It seems to be with just him though....at least I think? It's very odd. Has anyone else had this issue, and how did you resolve it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"52 M4F Single and Searching &amp;#x200B;

[ I am obviously not the most handsome man and my age doesn't help my case either. I probably don't have the best startup or pick up lines because I am certainly not an expert when it comes to dating or asking a woman out but one thing is certain I will Love, cherish, respect, care and be forever loyal and grateful to the woman who I eventually fall in love with. My only wish is to find a woman who will give me the benefit of doubt so we can get acquainted and see if we have a chance of becoming friends and hopefully we can grow in due time to be lovers. ](https://preview.redd.it/r0p9elfague61.jpg?width=480&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=5f2c474cf0905f5aaa243cf5f1e2a8590cd22af1)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"TED Talk Hey everyone, 19M here. Ever since COVID ruined my senior year of HS and first semester of college, I’ve had a torrid time trying to date. I’ll be honest, one of my close HS friends started to date this girl from my college that I had talked to briefly in August 2020. Legit everytime I hang out with him, he’s always talking to her and they always are talking 24/7. It’s not the fact that he’s dating a girl that I had talked to before, it’s the fact that they have this close connection and love for each other that just reminds me of my own struggles and always depresses me. Some people might call it jealousy but the only thing I’m jealous about is how lucky my friend is to have found such an amazing girl and have such a close bond and relationship with her. All of my friends I talk to always tell me to stop overthinking it and to wait until we get to campus so I can meet girls in person. For my personality, I thrive when I’m spending time with my friends and hanging out. So when I can’t do any of that stuff and I have to stay home with no one to talk to, it just always depresses me and just makes me more desperate (I hate to admit that). I’ve come to realization that at this point, I’m just looking to date to date (if you know what I mean). I just want someone that I can talk to about deep stuff, have a close relationship with, late night FT calls, do cute stuff, etc. Call me an attention-seeker but it’s just depressing when you’re spending most of the time alone at home. I just needed to let that out and for all those people that’s going through the difficulties that I’m going through, you’re not alone I promise you that. If you read through all of this, thank you for listening to my TED Talk."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why CMB? I've tried tinder a little before, is this better? A lot of these apps seem the same, I'd love to hear why you use this one?"
coffeemeetsbagel,A bagel who showed up in Discover before I no longer see her any more in Discover. Any one know what might have happened?
coffeemeetsbagel,"If a suggested person expired... Can they show up again? A person under suggested liked me and I thought too long on it, unfortunately the timer expired. Can they show up again? And if not, why aren’t they under the “Likes You” category?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is it possible to link my phone number to my existing CmB account? I created a Coffee Meets Bagel account using my Facebook login some time ago.  I would now like to link my phone number to that existing account, and so I can login using phone number going forward.  Is this possible?

Alternatively, can I login to CmB once using Facebook, then delete Facebook from my phone?  Will the CmB app still work for me with Facebook deleted from my phone?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Free Trial No Beans i signed up for the 7 day free trial but haven't recieved my 6000 beans yet.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can you send gifs or no? Found a post 3 years ago with someone asking the same question and a CMB mod responded, saying they were working on it. Well.... I tried today and it won't let me paste a gif :/"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Attempted scammer used celebrity photos I matched with someone who looked amazing but I recognised that they were trying to scam me (I think for photos–I've been told that I'm ""pretty"" so I guess they want new photos to scam other people). I reverse searched the photos, which was difficult because they're Asian so I used a Chinese search engine, and found the owner of the photos who is a celebrity! 

So I'm sharing some things to look out for that happened in my case:

- Moved the conversation straight to another platform.
- Asked me for my Instagram account (mine only has dog photos) and kept asking me for photos in specific scenarios such as hanging out or in the gym, etc. ""He"" (could be any gender but in this case I'll use he because I'm interested in men) used an Instagram account without any posts and followers to follow me.
- He gave vague answers and agreed with me when I asked yes/no questions. In this case, I suspect my attempted scammer was from overseas and didn't know much about the geography of my city. He just agreed when I asked if he had to drive to get places, etc.
- Shared intimate stories to create emotional connection.
- Used a lot of emoticons and gifs
- Responded very quickly even though he said he was busy.
- Refuses to entertain the possibility of meeting up even though I said that it's better to see the person in the flesh than through photos. Tried to gaslight me when I refused to provide a photo and said meeting in person is better, and said that I be embarrassed about asking to meet up.

If it's too good to be true, then keep in mind that they might be a scammer."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Messages appearing in wrong order? Anyone experienced this? I’d send a message but it appears before the previous one sent. Happens in all my chats. It’s more annoying than inconvenient, but I’m not sure what’s causing it. Looks like they need to fix some bugs!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB, what does bagel see when I delete a chat? I have been chatting with a bagel for a week. I haven’t heard from her in 3 days. I could see that she read my last message from read receipt. I’m an anxious person, to avoid keep checking if she replied every few hours, I deleted the chat, thinking if she is interested she’d message me back. Now I just realize that I may have sent the wrong message to her. 

Does the bagel see “xxx left the chat room” if you delete the chat? Note I did not unmatch with nor block her."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I ask if he’s interested? I met a guy from CMB yesterday for a date. In my opinion the dinner went really well, and we even hung out and just talked about random things for a few hours. I received a message from him saying that he had a good night after the date, however he hasn’t been very responsive today at all. (He used to usually reply within the hour). Then I’ve seen that he’s recently been active on coffee meets bagel. Is it too soon to ask him if he’s looking to pursue things further?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys, is it ever worth it to buy more beans to take someone in your Discover section? I am a brand new, free user, but something that’s perplexed me is the Discover feature.  Is it ever worth it to spend money and buy more beans to take a profile in that section that you just don’t want to wait for?  My main problem with this is that not only does it completely drain my beans, but I am also unable to message the girl by doing it this way, only send a like.

I did this tonight and felt completely ripped off.  She was a cute girl who fit my preferences, but if I hadn’t spent $0.99 to buy more beans in order to take her, she probably would have appeared in my suggestions, and I could’ve sent her a message.  Instead I drained most of my beans and now have to wait for more.

Anyway, is it really worth continuing to use this feature, or should I only utilize Suggestions?  I’m unemployed at the moment, so I haven’t subscribed and don’t know if it’s really worth it to pay.  It seems pretty usable as a free version, the Discover feature just doesn’t seem worth it at all.  And I did use the “active within past 72 hours” feature to avoid inactive profiles."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Need advice Met someone, we vibed relatively well. Met him offline, I must say I was kinda disappointed because his pictures looked different than in real life. He was really sweet to me nonetheless, and our conversations still went pretty well. It’s just that, if I’m not physically attracted to him and yet still continue talking to him, what if I don’t ever get attracted to him? When do I call it off? Should I go ahead with this and/or keep my options open? This is my first time going out with someone on a date and I’ve never been on any other dating apps. It is also a new discovery for me as well as I never knew that looks meant a significant part of the whole package to me. 

Tdlr; met someone who looks different from pictures, not attracted but can vibe, proceed or no?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"New user here, can somebody please give an honest review of my profile? Hello!  I am 22M, and recently created an account after hearing about so many people’s success stories on this site.  I have been on the app about 2 days and have not had any matches, nor do I expect to after just two days, but I want to get an honest review of my profile so I don’t waste my time.  

Anyway, ladies, here are my pictures: https://imgur.com/gallery/1kcNiz1

And here are the prompts I used.  

I am: an experienced marketer, steak enthusiast and really talkative once you get to know me

One item I’ll never part with: My watch.  I’m old-fashioned that way, but I take pride in it, and it’s my most important accessory.

My ideal date: Dinner at a casual, upbeat Italian joint or steakhouse with good music and lighting.  Followed by a walk in the park or going to a pastry shop and getting to know each other more over dessert.

Anyway, ladies, what are your thoughts?  Those are unfortunately the best pictures I have at the moment, but I will have the opportunity soon to take better ones.  But any tips on what photos you’d be looking for, and is my written content sounding good?  Thanks for your help, and please be honest!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys, should you drag out a first date if you’re having a good time? If not, how do you end the date?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Confused by how the “likes you” tab and “priority likes” works Hey guy, so ive just signed up a couple days ago for a regular account not premium 

Confused by a couple things: 

1) i know the suggestions page only offers a batch of profiles a day, but does anyone know how often the “likes you” page refreshes? That one seems to be endless random refreshes multiple times a day, id clear all 8 profiles multiple times a day and it always randomly refreshes w another 8? 

2) how does the priority likes feature work? Most of the ppl in my matches either ones ive accepted thru “suggestion” or “likes you” tab seem to have this purple heart beside their pic and a banner in the chat that says we matched sooner thanks to “priority likes”, so i googled priority likes and read that its bc theyre either a premium user or paid beans to use this feature to “super like” my profile to skip the line so that i will see their profile earlier 

But 

there was this one profile that i “liked” thru suggestions, so i’m pretty sure its the only profile so far that i had been the first to like instead of them having already liked me, then the next day i see them appear in my chat saying that we matched which i was like cool they like me back BUT it also says that we matched thru “priority likes” and his pic also has a purple heart so now i’m like huh super confused?? Bc i didnt priority like him and he obvs didnt need to priority like me bc i had already liked him??"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do you re-arrange prompts on Android? I'm an iOS user, and you can tap-and-hold to move prompts around. However, when I view my profile on an Android device, it's all randomly ordered, no rhyme or reason. I've tried deleting and re-adding to see if it was ordered that way, but no dice."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Using this app to ""find friends"". I thought this might be worth a mention, because I'm a guy who is looking to find dates and, if lucky, be in a relationship, and I suspect that most guys and girls would use this app for same reasons.

Another reason why I'm creating this post is because I stumbled upon only a few profiles where they explicitly say that they're only here to look for friends.

Now, it's easy enough for me to make my decision to either pass or give 'like' and see where it goes. But then there are profiles that don't say this at all, and you happened to match with some of them and really hit it off in the chats until, 2 days later, they confess to you that their only intention is to ""find friends"".

I must admit that it did immediately tick me off slightly because of the time and energy I've invested with these guys, but I also initially thought this was purely a dating app. To my surprise when I googled 'CmB', I  found out that this is also a ""social networking service"", which I guess could may as well mean that people use this app to find friends also..

I checked my profile setings to see if there is an option to display my intentions of using this app (i.e. ""Looking for: **Relationship**""), but there isn't, unless I'm missing something here?

Also, are there other users here who use this app purely to find friends? How was it for you?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Matched with the same person twice So a few months back, I matched with this girl but after initiating the message, she gave me no reply. I assume she was not interested so I leave it as is until the match expired.

After that, I didnt log on to CMB for a while until recently and since my account has been deleted, I registered again as new.

And 2 days ago, the same girl matched with me again. And similarly she didnt respond to my message.

I'm wondering what could be happening here..
1) Is the app still picking up my previously matched data even though I created a new account? Does this mean that our account is not fully deleted?

2) Is the girl some sort of bot? Is there a bot in CMB? But the picture looks like a normal picture, and the description looks quite authentic

3) Is she really decide to match with me, and both time decided not to talk? If so what's the reason..i thought CMB is unlike Tinder etc where instead of blindly liking everyone, the profile is limited so people decide to like or not."
coffeemeetsbagel,"guys why do you send one word responses to open ended questions just need some two cents -are you busy or flat out not interested, funny thing is these guys will then follow up when i dropped the convo completely or when i  responded with ok, i dont understand, just need perspectives thanks!

&amp;#x200B;

feel like my interest is not repricorated. "
coffeemeetsbagel,"No bagels, no discovery, no anyone. Just a rant I have almost all the dating apps at this point, all the ""heavy users"" one anyway.
Saw people saying good things about this, so i downloaded it.

First day its downloaded, i only see 6-8 people in discovery. Alright, maybe its a daily discovery. Second day, one person in suggested no discovery, so i ""pass""  on the suggested person but they stay there hntil the next day. So i wait for the next day. After fine tuning the settings for a wider search result, the next day comes, i get a guy in suggested (im a straight dude).. pass 
Change my settings again. Today, got the 12 o'clock notification, alright ill hop in.
Not a single soul. No one, the app is completely empty. My search filter is literally ""no preference"" in anything. No distance, no nothing put in.
I have nothing 🤷‍♂️ 
Im in a somewhat ""small"" canadian city at the moment. I bought premium bumble and tinder and have gone through everyone, ill check in daily but i have ran out of humans on these apps 😂

Just wanted to see if anyone else is dealing with this kinda thing with CMB, or if i should try deleting it and downloading it again? Or just delete since its kinda useless at this point.

Thanks for attending my TED talk redditors!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"need some suggestion here on textinglong paragraphs texting a really nice/sweet guy, he often sends, really (i mean really )long paragraphs, i apprecciate them but honestly it's a little overwhelming and also considering he responded asap, how can i  set the tone and let him know without being rude or discouraging (also we havent met so i would hate to give off a bad impression)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"""A promising bagel liked you in Discover!"" - am I supposed to fish (play around with filters) to figure this out? Not sure if this is just pure marketing to get you to spend beans. If not, I don't get why it's displaying the message because the default search does not show any likes on discover. Just matches / likes you lists have content"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liked someone but If I like someone... normally there is a ""liked"" tag on their profile picture but two of the women I liked no longer have it. Is that a glitch or does it just mean they saw but didn't like me? If so.. why would CmB show them to me again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Take bagel again? I went on one date with a guy in the fall. It went really well, but we didn’t end up seeing each other again as a few days later, he decided to become exclusive with someone else that I can only assume he must have gone on a few more dates before we met up.

Between then and now, I took a CMB hiatus and deleted my profile. I recently created a new profile, though, and he popped up as one of my first bagels (so I’m assuming he is single again?). 

Normally, I would probably just let it go, but to be honest, I would genuinely be interested in seeing him again. 

Am I being weird about this or should I click the little heart icon? Hah"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I filter out people who mention religious figures? I see a lot of women on CMB in my area who call out religion in what they write about themselves beyond what they list under religion. Is that an indication of a values mismatch, purity culture, etc? Or should I stop passing on these people and try another method to filter someone?

I share a name with a prominent religious figure and grew up in a family that views religion for people who are going through hard times. My own experience has taught me overtly religious folks tend to be problem-makers in my life. Yet I see people who seem like they might otherwise be great matches.

What do you think? What has been your experience? Any tips to share?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is the likes you tab a scam? I downloaded this app a few days ago and all the pictures I uploaded are of dogs and memes but had 17 on the likes you tab on the same day so it seems kind of iffy because why would anyone want to “like” a profile that does not show their face at all? I recently uploaded my own pictures and it went to 99+ really quick which is pretty suspicious.... This a scam to make users purchase premium subscription?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why am I being shown profiles in a completely different city? I went to visit family in a different city over Christmas, and that was when I found out about this app, so I downloaded it then but didn’t open it until I got back and set up my profile. Only now I’m actually realizing that I’m only being shown profiles from my family’s city, which might be why I’m not getting any matches with the profiles I like or send a message to.

I’ve already set my preferences for suggested to within 25 miles, and set it as a must have, but I’m still only seeing profiles from my family’s city over 250 miles away! My location is being accurately shown in the app when I check my profile, yet I’m not seeing anyone that is actually in my city!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Preferences not working for suggested Up until about 3 days ago my preferences were working fine.  I was only seeing girls that met my preferences and was getting about 26 bagels per day ALL within my parameters.  Now, the last few days, nearly every single girl that is shown to me is outside my preferences.  26 bagels and only 2 met my preferences.  Am I missing something?  Before, if there were no girls that met my preferences I would just get fewer bagels which is OK but getting 95% of my suggested being outside is just a waste.  Is this bugged or something?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Does this app works?? I never tried it but any I will give it a try..
coffeemeetsbagel,"I'm not gonna risk it, thanks though... &amp;#x200B;

[Teaching kids the right lesson since 1986](https://preview.redd.it/8c12uza4kya61.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=8d6168cc096d59817dfcdd2325aab62205af6a91)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Just joined last night. How the heck do likes work?! Woman here in a PNW city and I got an overwhelming amount of likes overnight. I didn’t know how the app worked so bought a month of premium to see them and now what?! 

Do they disappear if I don’t get to all of them? How many likes are normal for an average lady a day? And finally, if I cancel premium, how do likes work?

Thanks all, just feeling very overwhelmed getting back into the dating scene."
coffeemeetsbagel,"anyone getting hate messages targeting your looks before they unmatch honestly a little bit hurtful/hurting my self esteem, lately i have been getting lots of hate messages like yorue ugly before they left the chat, I am wondering why wouldnt they just unmatch me and find the need to say such things, i'd say, it's just a small portion (i got wonderful nice messages too) and these are grown men of 27+"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Weird to message match on Facebook I had a girl like my profile, and we exchanged one message, and she hasn’t replied to my last message. The chat window is about to expire. 

Would it be weird to send her a Facebook message, and see if she responds?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question I’m wondering if after you delete the app off your phone if you still receive emails? From what I remember about other dating apps I don’t get emails anymore after not having the app, but I don’t remember if I fully deactivate the account first."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question about messages I send with likes How is this presented to them? Without fail, every person I have liked with a message, even if they like me back, has not started a conversation, even when my message was a question. It makes me wonder if they're not seeing my message, or if they expect me to ""make the first move"" twice even when I haven't had my question answered?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can't find someone I liked I returned to using CMB after a couple year long hiatus earlier this week, and on Monday, I liked someone from my Discover. Ever since then, they have not come up again in my Discover, even if I search using ranges that they'd fit into. Does this mean that they passed on me, or that they're no longer using the app? I just find it odd that I can't find them at all."
coffeemeetsbagel,"&gt;20 matches the first two weeks, 0 in the next two months What gives? My swipe rate is pretty much still the same but I’ve not had any luck the past two months. Did I just get incredibly lucky when I first signed up, or is there some sort of algorithm at work here?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Error logging in I tried to open the app today and it logged me out. I tried to log back in using the phone number and it boots me back to the same log in screen saying that there is an error logging in. I reinstalled the app, used cellular data, used wifi, turned on airplane mode to force it to disconnect and reconnect. Nothing works. Does anyone know what to do?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Partial Outage – 01.08 - Now Resolved Hi, our outage is now resolved. Some of you may have experienced errors logging in. We apologize for the inconvenience. If issues, still persistent please email us at [contact@coffemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffemeetsbagel.com) with any questions. Thank you.

Follow our progress here: [https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/](https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why CMB keeps logging me out today? Why CMB keeps logging me out today?
The app has been logging out by itself more than 10 times already today? And now I cant even log in anymore. What happen again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Partial Outage – 01.08 Hi, we are currently experiencing a partial outage. Some of you may experience errors logging in. We are currently working to resolve the issue as soon as possible. We apologize for the inconvenience. Please email us at [contact@coffemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffemeetsbagel.com) with any questions. Thank you. 

Follow our progress here: [https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/](https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporarily Blocked Number I have been unable to log into my CMB account. I was logged out and then I was unable to log in after that. I receive the OTP and input it in, press verify and then nothing happens. I tried it a few times but now it says that my number is temporarily blocked! I am supposed to be replying a guy right now, and if I don't it will look bad!!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Frustrated I have a certain number of likes (let's just say &gt;50) but I'm only seeing a suggested 3 per day. This probably has to do something with CMB's algorithm and how long I've been on this app, but I feel like CMB is trying to get me to pay to access my likes. Is it worth paying for just one month or should I just let it be bc maybe it's all a scam lol."
coffeemeetsbagel,How can your activity rate drop from 70%to 0% next day? How is this possible? Within a day your rate can go down from 70 to zero? Its ( it's) (an) indicator to check how the person is active or not but how can you be active and the rate drops to none ?
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do I change what type of relationship I'm looking for? Once you create your profile, there doesn't appear to be any obvious way to change what type of relationship I'm looking for. Help!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Pros and cons of deleting account? What are the pros and cons of deleting my account and making a new one? Is there any kind of ELO score or other metadata associated that will not be reset if I just delete and create an new account? I think Tinder retains your data for 3 months, so your ELO score will not be reset if you immediately delete and create new account. 

Loss of accumulated beans? How beans are you given to start?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is it worth keeping premium after the free trial? Just curious because I saw a lot of bad reviews of CMB here.  I’m a 23 year old guy who just got the app two days ago.  Part of the appeals or me was the emphasis on quality.  When I had used Bumble, I could get a decent amount of matches but I had to spend hours just swiping, oftentimes skipping reading the profile in detail.  

So does premium really make a difference?  Is it worth spending money on or should I just go with the free version?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Activity report swings! Does ""Delete"" matches affect report status? Would be good to know, if the match already deleted me !! 

I remember with the most bizarre report  the person had 0 activity when we matched, then turned into 70% then back 0% then 60-70% again over the span of 7 days...

It happened with a few of my matches whose report suddenly went from an non-zero to 0%, they are still 'online' as they would still reply to my message

So I have this theory: some people just like to do a ""Clean Up"" very few days or even every day. They would ""delete"" the ones that they are no longer interested in, and sometimes that means all of the matches which results in 0s on activity report.

Can someone from CMB confirm?

Trying to get the most out of premium when it offers such few perks ... "
coffeemeetsbagel,"scammers: location says their they are in the states, but when i talked to them they are in mexico, london, etc.? also profile photos real look legit am i paranoid? or they are really fake

location says hes 200 miles from me but saying he is now in london where he grew up and working,,,??"
coffeemeetsbagel,"hey CMB, when I block/leave a chat, why don't you remove my profile from the other person's match list? they are still able to stalk me after unmatching.

can you explain why you made this design decision?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Need some advice for the girl's response after suggesting to exchange numbers for a meet up  So just to make the story short, I'm (30M) matched with a really cute girl (28F) on CMB. Have been chatting with her for about 4-5 days after we exchanged about 30 messages. Since the chat will expire in about 1-2 days, so I suggested to exchange our numbers to move on to different platforms or for a quick coffee date. I also gave out my number in the end.

The girl did reply with a response that ""thank you, I don't use this app much haha.""

I am quite confused with that reply and have a bad feeling. Does that mean I am out of the game already?

Thank you very much for your time reading this!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"SAD Found the only guy that I actually like on cmb. He sent me virtual flowers but didn’t text me so I initiated the text. However, he didn’t reply. I even extended the chat but still, no response. It has been two weeks. And it was so not easy for me to pluck up the courage to initiate the text and reopen and extend a chat. 

I just don’t understand why someone will send you flowers when he isn’t even interested in you. It’s so misleading. And I guess this is one of the downsides of online dating platforms. 

I know what most people’s advice will be:  Move on and continue the search to find the right guy. I am continuing my search for the right guy but it’s so hard because no one really interests me on the app. I know I am ranting. I was really excited that a guy who looks like my type from his photos liked me back. And now, it seems that it was very foolish of me to even feel thrilled about it in the first place. 

So to the guys out there, please don’t send virtual flowers to a girl or like her on the app when you don’t actually want to converse with her. It sucks to be the one on the receiving end. 

RANT IS OVER! I really needed to get this off my chest so thank you for reading."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I’m a professional online dating photographer, AMA Hey guys, I’m new to Reddit. I’m a professional online dating photographer based in Canada and I have helped hundreds of people get more and better matches. Ask me anything related to dating photos! Happy to share what I know."
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB discover tab - how do i know when they liked me? Hello, is there a way to know when someone who liked me on cmb discover tab actually swiped on me?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Was CMB hacked again this year? I accidentally misspelled my name in CMB and a few months later there's a couple of scammers who emailed me and calling me with the same misspelled name. Obviously I didn't put my email in my bio(not that anyone would see it anyway), so was CMB got hacked again recently and didn't disclose it?

&amp;#x200B;

\- I registered in April 2020 with the misspelled name.

\- Received the first scam email in June 2020 who referred to me with my misspelled name.

\- Received second scam email in December 2020 who also referred to me with my misspelled name.

\- I have never misspelled my name like that before, and no one else ever misspelled my name like that either, except for those two scammers.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: Correction, three scammers, for some reason the last two used the same fake names, but they're different emails. It was in November."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover likes should allow for messages. The inability to send a message with a discover like makes me not want to send discover likes. I feel that sending an initial message can be a very useful feature with discover likes. On the other person's end, she would just see that you liked her, but she would have nothing else to work off and might very well skip and avoid the work of starting a conversation altogether. Sure, she can like you back and then you can start a conversation that way, but that's extra steps that might not ever happen because there was no initial message to spark the process.

I don't understand why discover likes are a paid feature and yet do not allow for messaging. It seems like a contradictory offer."
coffeemeetsbagel,"""Sending a comment increases your chances of matching 30%"" - How? \^ The app tips you with that statistic when you tap the comment button while going through your daily suggestions. My question is how the app makes it 30% more likely to match? What does it actually do? What does the other side see? I have no clue what the experience is because I've never gotten messaged first."
coffeemeetsbagel,"May you guys review my profile? Hello. I'm a male, 27 from los angeles and I've been using coffee meets bagel for over 5 years. I wouldn't know exact numbers since the app hasn't shown who you like for a few years now, but I've definitely liked over 1,000 profiles, sent some roses when that was a thing,  and message the most important (maybe 10) and have never gotten a single response or match. Is there a problem with who i am or is there anything i should change? 

My profile:  https://imgur.com/gallery/WNMyawo

Edit#1 of my profile: https://imgur.com/gallery/IfL4rTK

Edit#2 on my bio and descriptions
https://imgur.com/gallery/iNLIwGj"
coffeemeetsbagel,"question for guys - what does it mean when someone says i am looking for anything - including long term, hookup, etc.? are they leaning to are they leaning towards hookup, question for guys - what does it mean when someone says i am looking for anything - including long term, hookup, friends etc.? And not sweating it

To be specific he said like I am here to find someone that I can get along and hangout and bang, not girlfriend? Sounds like a fboy right haha? But he’s thousand miles away and wanting to get to know me - feel like can’t take him seriously"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Trouble uploading photos to my account I'm working on my profile, but every time I try to add a photo it just gets stuck on the upload screen and doesn't let me crop or do anything with it. Is anyone else having this issue?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Glitch in timestamp? Hi I'm new to this app. Noticed something weird happened during a chat with a match, and I never have here replying again.

My responses to my match's appeared before her. Something like the below.
 
Me: my weekend was great (time - 2:09)
Her: how was your weekend? (Time - 2:15)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Help with discovery Yesterday I saw someone who was I really interested in the Discovery section but I didn’t have enough beans to send a like. Today, no amount of searching I do will bring them back up. Is there a chance they’ll show up again depending on the algorithm or will I never see them again? :("
coffeemeetsbagel,"Help! Hey, new to online dating and found someone I matched interests with nearly perfectly in suggestions. I tried to like, then it made me update my profile. When I finished updating my profile, the suggested was blank. Is there a chance of me seeing her again tomorrow since I didn't skip her? Or am I screwed."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How can I tell if my account is in a black hole? When I first downloaded the app, matches came in fairly regularly, but there was a long stretch of time where I ended up being inactive (covid times and just overall wasn't feeling happy about the state of the world, etc). I didn't want to put myself out there without actually feeling present and determined to meet people, so while I didn't uninstall the app, it just remained unchecked.   


Fast forward to now, I know that it might take awhile for CMB to realize I'm back and active on the app, but it's been several months and I'm getting barely anything. I'm even actively liking the guys first, but absolutely none seem to reciprocate. I'm not trying to say I'm such a catch that these guys HAVE to respond, but I'm really surprised that I haven't match with anyone (literally maybe like 2 out of dozens, maybe even hundred now when before, it was a regular thing to have at least 4-5 guys in the queue who previously matched).   


I'm considering deleting and making a new profile but I dislike this so much because I'd rather not accidentally like someone who swiped left and is like 'wtf this girl again?'"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Thirsty men during lockdown So i matched with this guy and he clearly was just looking for a hook up and even willing to break the current lockdown just for it  he then proceeded to unmatch or block me bc I would not meet with him.

Any other ppl have similar experiences?

https://preview.redd.it/y94z65mzl1761.jpg?width=1080&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=2410cf20a01a07b03d6e2bbade949b122f8f5f64"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What religion / spirituality do you require in a potential match? Besides the above question, I’m quite confused by CMB’s differentiation between spirituality and religion. They have options such as “spiritual” and “neither spiritual nor religious”. 

First of all, what does it mean to be spiritual but not religious? Does it mean you believe in otherworldly spirits, but it doesn’t fall under a major religion, so you don’t call it God, Allah, Buddha, etc...? Excuse my ignorance, but I have never experienced the presence of a spirit or a god before, so I am clueless. Also, I have never met anyone in my life that was just spiritual only.

Second of all, when you’re going through your suggestions, does it matter which option the other person chose? Like if yourself is neither spiritual nor religious, do you require your potential match to be the same, or do you give them leeway to be at least spiritual, but not religious?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kim88i)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Follow up after first date ? tips? I know this app definitely worked out for some. As I have heard and seen successful stories. But not sure if its me or what, my matches tend to ghost after the first meeting session. I had met up at least 5 person face to face. Maybe I just sux at dating. Any tips on following up ?

Personally I may be an average Joe looking, I'm educated, having decent career and definitely wont let my future partner  starve ."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why I cannot see my 9+ likes When I click my 9+ likes, I need to request to buy premium. Why cannot see the likes there??"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Missing profile picture? Hi guys, 

One of my matches has a blank profile picture in the chat but I'm still able to view their profile with full pictures?  

Any idea if this means anything? Bug?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile review? https://imgur.com/a/5oyjDS6
Feedback appreciated"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why girls message me first but never reply? **TL;DR:** Why girls message me first, then never reply? Is there something I can put in my bio to avoid matching with people who are on the app for other reasons not relating to the purpose of the app?

This happened on this app like 10 times now, every once in a while, I just give up hope and stop using the app, then I get a match with a girl I liked a couple of days ago, I am too depressed to try, then after few days the girl messages me, and it usually goes like this:

Girl: ""hey, how's your Saturday going?""

I reply within 15 minutes to 2 hours, depending if I was busy or not:

Me: ""Hey! Just made some some Mediterranean breakfast and now listening to music, how's yours going?""

And there where it ends. 

&amp;#x200B;

Why people do this? It could be just someone seeking attention and testing if I would reply or not, also it could be that the girl sent the same message to 10 other guys out of boredom. But if that's true, it's depressing because their profiles show that they are professionals/highly educated in their late 20s or early 30s. Other people would just chat for weeks and send me walls of text each day with lots of excitement, ""wow!"" and ""that's super interesting!!"", then they will ghost me the moment I suggest we video chat, other times when I suggest to video chat earlier after a day or two of chatting, I get the ""I still don't know you enough"" reply. 

&amp;#x200B;

Personally I am an educated, guy who eats healthy, works out, well traveled, reads books, thoughtful and a good person who cares about how people feel, even internet strangers, and at this point, I am just scratching my head looking at what happened to me on this app from a statistical perspective. Like even when I don't message, people reach out just so that they can ghost, it feels like people are addicted to ghosting or something."
coffeemeetsbagel,Stop matching with my FB friends How do I get CMB to not show my profile to my Facebook friends for matching?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Found girl I am dating in ""Discover"". Does that mean she's been online recently? CMB has a ""Discover"" section where it shows you random bagels nearby. If someone appears under your Discover section, does that mean they were on CMB recently?

I've been seeing this girl for about two-three months. See each other about once a week. Never talked about being in a committed relationship, but I am exclusive to her. I browse CMB for fun, and came across her profile. I don't care because for all I know, she could be just browsing like I am. But I'm curious as to how the algo works."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why do I attract guys aged 25+? Genuine question, I'm a female university senior . I know that CMB tends to skew towards slightly older people but I'm sure there's still plenty of people 21-23 years old on the app based on my discover, even my age range is set to max 25. 

I'm really surprised when NEARLY ALL of my likes are from 25+ people, especially when we seem to be in different life stages and they have careers. 

Is there some sort of rationale (guys are willing to date girls significantly younger) or do men just like every girl and it's not that deep? Some people are really adamant about maturity/life stage so I'm curious about these preferences."
coffeemeetsbagel,"PSA: We need to see your eyes I’m baffled by the amount of profiles where the guy has sunglasses on in every single picture. 

Insecurity? Cluelessness? Lack of effort?

In any case, it’s an auto-reject for me and I’m sure many others. This is a general PSA to make sure not to do that."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question If the guy’s profile is on my discovery page, is my profile also on his discovery page or can it be under his suggested bagels?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Advice A guy sent me three virtual flowers on cmb and after two days, he hasn’t texted yet. Why? And what should I do?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Scheduled Maintenance: 11.15 – 11.16 @ 12 - 1 A.M PST Hi, we are undergoing scheduled downtime for maintenance on the app starting tonight, Tuesday, December 15 to Wednesday, December 16, 2020 from 12 - 1 A.M PST. We apologize for any inconvenience. If you have any questions, please email us at [contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com). 

Follow our progress here: [https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/](https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com/)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"preference settings for suggestions---are the suggested profiles matched exactly on the preferences one sets? When I set up my CMB profile, I didn't setup the height/distance/age settings. When i was getting my suggested profiles, I noticed the distances and ages were a bit out of range. I'm in my mid 40's. And suggestions being shown ranged from 28 til 50+. Does that mean that a 28 year old person set her age preferences to meet somebody as high as somebody in their mid 40's?  

Now that all that is set, I wondered about the distance....I have it set to 50 miles, but if I were to choose 150 miles, does that mean that any profile shown to me within that distance also has their profile set to being open to meeting somebody that far away?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB databreach/selling data - scam/spam email Just received an email to an email address only ever used for CMB.

It's from a gmx.de address

And says:

&gt;Hello, geeered is your name?

(With the correct name I used to register on there.)

&amp;#x200B;

Anyone else?  Was this a known breach?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is CMB hiding almost all users who’ve liked you? On my daily Suggested today, I (F) saw that only the first bagel out of 9 had the “he likes you” banner. I totally wouldn’t have noticed except that for the past two weeks, bagels that I liked from Suggested never showed up in my chats, which I thought was a glitch but...maybe they had never liked me in the first place lol. But I thought that Suggested for female users only included bagels who’ve liked you already? When did that change? 

Here’s where it gets super sus though. The app says I have 99+ likes that I need premium to see. And they’re showing me no more than one (1) “he likes you” in suggested and one (1) “he likes you” in discover out of everyone in both lists.

I don’t even know if the 99+ likes is real but whether it’s real or fake, this definitely seems like a trick to get me to subscribe to see more than the 2% of people who’ve liked me. But before throwing it away, maybe I should be thankful they’re showing me any likes, or maybe I just need to update the app? Anyone else noticing the same issues or able to provide perspective?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Related in a roundabout way: Does Instagram have tracking ability on their desktop? A bagel I (F) am interested in left his IG account in his bio. I checked it out via IG on my laptop. His IG is primarily about his tech startup. Some of the pics on his IG are also on his CMB profile. 

I sent him a response to his prompt on CMB. Have yet to hear back from him.

HOWEVER. I randomly check my IG (which I was last active on 2 years ago) and see that he's liked 4 of my photos on my account. 

I didn't like any of his pics at all. How did he know I was looking at him on IG? Is it tracked now? I haven't used IG at all in 2 years so don't know the updates.

He then messages me thru IG asking about my IG bio! lol

Just sharing my stories. I hope you're as amused as I am! I really liked his profile and it's so weird that he didn't respond on CMB. Now I'm wondering if he's using his CMB profile to market his tech company?

What are your thoughts?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Anyone have met this profile called Xin I met this 28 yo single mother from Hong Kong who says she is currently stuck in Singapore on her initial planned business trip. She gave me the impression that she is a capable woman in terms of her owning several salons in Singapore and Hong Kong. She then lead me to her trap; a cryptocurrency exchange platform where she will teach me how to buy option with great returns.  The platform stated that my winnings of 100k USD exceeded the 30k limit and I am required to pay 15% tax on the 100k to be able to withdraw. Anyone who talked to her please let me know
coffeemeetsbagel,"How does this work? I have all these ""X said 'I work out everyday.' Ask him about it!"" messages in my Chats As the title says. I liked several profiles that liked me. I got a bunch of messages in my Chats that says Your Move. I have responded to the prompts. Some people don't reply back. I'm not sure if I'm approaching this the right way? Should I respond to what's in their bio? Help please?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Date Nudge How often/when do you get date nudges where you choose date options or receive the notification ""Your match said he's open to a date with you!""?

Does anyone have a guess on how the algorithm works in choosing who/when to send this date nudge to?

So far, Ive received it quite early (1 or 2 days) in the conversation. Slightly too early imo."
coffeemeetsbagel,"App for those who love to connect with conversation starters (icebreakers) If you love icebreakers (conversation starters  or openers) and are good are writing interesting ones, try QFIRST.

It's free. Search for ""QFIRST Dating"" in Google Play.

QFIRST lets you find a spark and break the ice before seeing each other's picture.

Are you willing to take the risk? You never know who you might meet without the pressure of photos!

Remember: Boring people come up with boring icebreakers lol so be intriguing :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What is the optimal time to send the first message within the 7 day expiration window? Once you match, you are given 7 days to message with the other side before the chat thread is closed. Relative to this 7 day window, which is the best day to send the first message to optimize your success rate of actually meeting up in person? I have some initial thoughts on the disadvantages of messaging at either extremes:

On the day you match: other side might think “I’m this dude’s first choice. He must be unpopular and not have many other choices”

On the 6th day right before expiry: other side might think “this dude is making a one last effort desperation call. He had a lot of failed attempts with other girls in the beginning of the week”. 

Or they might be thinking “this dude got the message that the chat is expiring in one day so he’s just following commands, not his heart”

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/kbvabm)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"When do you delete the CMB app? My boyfriend and I met on CMB and have been together for about 5 months. Everything is going really well and I think he is the most amazing man! However, the other night he was showing me something on his phone and I noticed the CMB app on his Home Screen. I know he paused his account, but I feel like he should’ve deleted the app too. It feels like he has the CMB app still as a fall back for if/when things end between us.

I’m new to OLD, so just wondering, at what point do you guys delete the app in a relationship?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Bagel left chatroom... and I feel sad Hi, new CMB gal here (23)
Thought we hit it off. We were chatting until last night, too, but today he left the chat.
This was my first experience with online dating (never had a relationship before, either) but I feel pretty down about it.
I don’t rlly have experience flirting or anything, so maybe that’s where it went wrong.

Just wanted to express my sadness somewhere."
coffeemeetsbagel,"27 M, Profile Review Request Hello! I wanted to ask those who browse the sub-reddit where I can improve in my profile, mainly my pics and how to communicate myself better. Things have been slow on my account so I'm thinking its due it. If the link doesn't work, you can let me know so I can fix it. 

CMB posts https://imgur.com/gallery/76tBV2d"
coffeemeetsbagel,Do you guys often run into catfish's? Matched with this girl. She's from Taipei. Not sure if it's real or not
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable To See Messages? I got 2 notifications from this app on my lock screen, however they went away as soon as I unlocked my screen. I assumed they were messages from girls I was talking to, but neither showed up in my chats. I tried closing the app and reopening but that did not help, nor did restarting my phone. I cleared the app's cache and restarted my phone together and this allowed me to see the messages from one girl but not the other. How do I fix this? And is there any way to ensure they can actually see the messages I send them?

A second question, I was talking with another girl a few months back, and I noticed she just stopped messaging. However, I also noticed that after her last message, our chat got extended 6 times.(2 after she stopped, 2 after I sent a message after the 2 extensions, and 2 more extensions after I messaged after the 4th extension) According to their site, that only happened if both people are sending messages, but mine were the only ones I saw. Is is possible she kept on trying to message me but I was unable to see?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"28M Profile Review Hi everyone, I recently got on CMB about a week ago.

So far, I'm averaging about 2 likes and 1 match a day. I even met up with one of them last weekend (I got the vibe that she liked me but I decided not to pursue because she lives kinda far from me). However, the majority of the women I match with only reply to my first message

Anyway, I am looking for a profile review: I have a few pics on standby that I haven't introduced to my profile but am curious to see what people think about how to improve mine. Thanks!

~~One other note: I bought my first property (NYC) at 26. Is this something I should mention? I feel like it's something that might be attractive to some, douchey to others.~~

Original (December 8th): [https://imgur.com/a/e7bm8md](https://imgur.com/a/e7bm8md)

V2 (December 9th): [https://imgur.com/a/HqpxU5r](https://imgur.com/a/HqpxU5r)

V3 (December 13th): [https://imgur.com/a/9hsWnqM](https://imgur.com/a/9hsWnqM)

Edit: 30M\*\*

&amp;#x200B;"
coffeemeetsbagel,Which one you refer to date a doctor or an engineer? And why ? What is pro and con dating a doctor and engineer. Which one could you prefer?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liking somebody in discover and instant chat pop up? Hi, 

I was looking through discover page and I pressed like on a guys profile. Then he appeared instantly in my chats. His profile also now shows the He Likes You banner, but I know he couldn’t have liked me back in those 2 seconds it took to appear. His profile also has a pink circle and heart in the chats.

Shouldn’t it have appeared the next day for him? Why was the connection instant, whereas normally you get notified of a match after a few days?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Questions about suggested If you see someone in suggested and there is no banner ""He likes you"" does that mean this person has not seen you yet?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I desperately need help writing a bio I decided to open with this:

&gt;I am...  
&gt;  
&gt;Realizing that this pandemic is like an extended cuffing season.  Let's make a bubble together and help each other through it 😘

That sort of sums up what I want out of this app.  A committed relationship; a partner in these difficult and lonely times.

Obviously I want to add more to the ""I am"" section.  Describe myself in a way that will stand out and make a case for me as a potential match.  It needs to be well-written.

I haven't written anything for the ""I like"" or ""I appreciate when my date"" sections.  Please help 🙏

Here's some relevant info about me: I'm a chemist at a metal finishing company.   I play a bit of guitar, I like to cook, I like the outdoors, I love all kinds of music, I love whiskey and tequila añejo, and I'm kind of a dork.  I'm hoping I'll meet a girl who is endeared by and can laugh at my awkwardness, so I guess I should be honest about it.  I like girls who are confident and funny."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable to open profiles in Discover I'm having such a difficult time opening people's profiles in the Discover section so that I can see their photos and read their answers. Mostly, I tap the photo (or the text) a hundred times, and if I'm lucky, it will open. So... SOME of the time I can do it. Closing the app and opening it again isn't helping much either. 

Is there a trick to this that I missed or is something wrong? Is anyone else having this issue? I'm on the Android version and only activated my account this weekend."
coffeemeetsbagel,"24M[African American] Hi everyone,

Couple of weeks ago I made a new profile and I’m not getting any matches/ responses. Could use some feedback. Please be brutally honest, I can take it. 

https://imgur.com/gallery/CSpTNPL"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Am I Burned? Hey y’all! I’m M(24), African American. Couple of weeks ago I made a new account and I can’t get any matches or responses. Maybe it’s the area I’m in?

I make sure to use my swipes every day, sending a message to girls. I stopped using my beans cause, I heard they’re worthless. At a loss here😅. Any and all help is greatly appreciated!

Edit: Thanks for the responses! I’m gonna do a profile review"
coffeemeetsbagel,"""A promising bagel liked you in Discover!"" Okay, great. Mind showing them to me? What the title says. I finish swiping through my Suggested, and I get this message. I go to Discover like it tells me to, and I see nothing but the normal faces, no indication of who liked me. Is this normal? Shouldn't the person that liked me be a priority and be the first displayed? 

Or is this just some shitty way to get my hopes up and keep me on this app?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Some brutal honesty (?) from just another girl on CMB 1. I \*never\* like a dude back if he has a sweet picture with another girl around his age, unless he clarifies it's his sister or something (but still... why).
2. Similarly, having a picture of you and some kid (who looks like they might be your kid) is not quirky. I just don't read the captions sometimes. Ofc if you want a date who's okay with you being a father, disregard this point entirely.
3. This might be too specific but here goes. As an Asian woman, I'm extremely wary of any non-Asian man who has a picture of them visiting a Shintoism shrine/wearing an anime T-Shirt/etc. Extra wariness if that's their \*first\* picture. If liking Asia is part of your identity and you liked me, I have reasons to suspect you have yellow fever. Sorry.
4. Similarly, if you ""want someone to teach you Chinese""... sorry but I'd nope the f out. You may genuinely want to learn Chinese, but you don't have to bring it up on your dating app profile.
5. Know that there are platforms that are more appropriate for sugar dating. If being fancy is part of who you are that's alright, but there's a fine line between being open and showing off. How I see it, picture of you car-racing = cool, I have questions. Picture of your racecar with huge logo in frame = Eww. Does that make sense?
6. Having a group pic as your first picture is confusing. Not saying it's a deal-breaker or anything, just confusing.
7. Yes, I do like guys first from time to time. Usually, it's when they are physically attractive/have interesting jobs or experiences that made me curious/happen to also have one of my weird niche interests: essentially, someone I don't want to never see on CMB (or anywhere) again due to algorithms.
8. And yes, I do message guys first... when your profile gives me something to work with. If we matched, but I don't have anything to say AND you don't message me, I'd have to assume that you are one of many, many guys who mass-like every girl they see. In those cases, I'd just let the conversation expire. And no, saying ""ask me"" does \*not\* give me something to work with.
9. Flowers kinda have an effect... kiiiiiiiinda. I get &lt;=3 likes with flowers on an average day, so they do catch my attention. But a red flag is still a red flag. Also, the number of flowers doesn't matter.
10. If you ""want someone who has a sense of humor,"" maybe be a bit more specific about it. This is because a) I see this standard from guys way too often and b) it kinda sorta makes you come across as one of those people who mask offenses as ""jokes"" and blame everyone else for being too sensitive. Which is a huge no for me.

Why I'm writing this post:

1. I'm bored right now.
2. Idk, just to offer some insights from the ""other side."" If point 1 through 5 does not apply to you, kudos! I actually see almost \*all\* of them within the \~15 profiles I read every day. Like, today I saw a dude who has a picture of him and his little nephew, with a caption along the lines of ""here's my obligatory picture with a kid that's not mine according to online dating 101."" Like... what?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Girl reappears on Discover a few days after liking. So I coughed up the beans and liked a girl on Discover a few days ago, and today she has reappeared on Discover. What happened then? Did she decline and the app has thrown her back in my general pool? Or did the app rip me off somehow?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What’s your convo starter? 
For some background I’m a 30M HK living in HK, so women I see on the app are a mix of ESL/ EFL or zero English. Sometimes you can gauge by the profile but since this is predominately an English app, most people try to front so if you go ‘full English’ you might scare people off. 

I find that starting with a joke is miss most of the time. Using the ‘ice-breakers’ also give varying results (even tho that’s what they’re there for). Recently I start with a lame-ass “thanks for liking me back”, which got me “you are very polite” in response.

I really interested to know if it’s different for US users when it comes to starting the convo and if it’s basically like the posts on the Tinder subreddit."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How does one effectively navigate CMB and any advice on what to expect? As a context, I'm M, 27 from the tiny island of Singapore and it's quite safe so less precaution is taken compared to other countries. I heard the pool of people using CMB here is small and I have found friends of friends on it. I would just like to know how to communicate well and use this particular app to my advantage."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I'm 39. Why am I mostly attracting women in their upper 40s? WTF CMB? I'm rarely getting anyone under 35 in my Discover tab. It gives me 5 likes a day in Discover, and most of my likes are coming from from women in their upper 40s.

My 5 likes/day are being occupied by these older single moms that are 47+, both outside my preferences.

how do I stop cmb from showing my profile to these people?

I want my likes to come from early-mid 30s."
coffeemeetsbagel,Thoughts on extending chat as a female? I matched with this guy who had liked me. I am consider myself as old fashion and like to meet people organically and therefore waited for him to initiate which he did a few days later we matched. The convo started slow taking 1-2 days to return and I did the same...we only exchanged at most four messages back and fourth each. So yesterday I replied back and got a notification stating to keep this chat going reply before noon today which I did and the convo has expired. Idk if the guy has seen my message or not but now the chat has expired. I need advice what to do? He hasn't ask me for my number or nothing or to meet up? Do u think I should leave it? 
coffeemeetsbagel,"28M Profile Review This has been my profile for a while now, minus the ""favorite compliment"" part which I just added today upon seeing that Android users get access to those additional questions now. I don't get many matches, and only one match as led to a date all year (admittedly, not the ideal year to be dating). Would appreciate any insight. 

http://imgur.com/a/WWpv81m"
coffeemeetsbagel,Where are the suggested or discovers? I came back after not being on in 2 years. I barely have seen any suggested women or discovers. I don’t think it was like this the last time I was on it. I also remember CMB having something like a video feature. You could record an answer to a prompt. What happened to that?
coffeemeetsbagel,"i’m wondering about... i’m new to cmb and don’t know yet how it operates. i just saw a guy in the discovery tab with specific criteria (age, race, etc) couple days ago, then next day i tried to explore with the same criteria in the discovery then couldn’t find him while i could find the other same guys as before. does it mean that he passed on me or liked me since i’m not a premium member???"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB got new prompts qns Now CMB got new prompts qns, what do you all think?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do this app resell our personal data? I signed up for CMB in February using a unique email address that I haven't used anywhere else. I haven't used the app in a little while, but today I received an email at that unique address saying ""{my_first_name}, how are you?""

I'm probably not going to bother replying, but based on the sender's address it's almost certainly a spammer. How did they get my email and name... does CMB sell profile data to 3rd parties?

Edit: ugh just noticed my grammar failure in the title"
coffeemeetsbagel,"10/20 of my suggested are ""really popular bagels so BUY MORE BEANS!!"" lol this app is trash.

Delete!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Thinking about giving up on CMB The platform gets a lot of hype here on Reddit, but I'm starting to wonder whether the praise is just from sockpuppet accounts.

&amp;#x200B;

* Number of profiles I can view per day is too low. The chances of me finding someone I actually want to connect with are low as a result. See next point.
* It's not ""quality over quantity"" when the average quality is about the same as every other platform. There's nothing wrong with the women being shown to me, it's just that we don't have anything in common. There's nothing special about the way I'm matched with others. See next point.
* Hard filters don't exist for the things that I care about. I can pick what ethnicity I'm looking for (which isn't something I really care about), but I can't pick whether I'm shown people who have children, which is something I would want to filter by. I could work around this, but see next point.
* Profiles aren't organized in a way that I can easily see what someone's interests are. On Tinder (yes, even Tinder does this better), users are encouraged to pick up to five interests to showcase on their profile. On OKCupid, you can see whether someone is compatible with you based on how they answered various questions. On CMB, if someone doesn't write a proper bio, I have no idea what they're into.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm just disappointed. I've had less conversations per week on CMB than on any other platform I've used in the last month... except for Zoosk which I don't count because I used it for maybe a day since it's so bad."
coffeemeetsbagel,"One month of pro, one match, 0 conversation. Going on my first rebill since they redid the app. No matches, few bagels, take doesnt work, women don't respond. Is it because I have a legacy account from the old shark tank days and ive already been rejected by every woman on the planet?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Sends paragraphs, but takes days to respond Update: He ended up messaging me back like 4 days later like nothing didn’t happen and I didn’t respond. I’m not getting the energy/effort I want. 

Started chatting with this guy on coffee meets bagel and we hit it off pretty well. The convo had some substance. He initially took like an hour max to respond and he would write paragraphs so I assume he was interested in the convo. It’s taking longer and longer for him to respond, when he does it’s still paragraphs. I responded to his message two days ago with no response, but he did look at my insta story yesterday.Am I just being extra or is the writing on the wall.  Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,Do you need premium to see who likes you? -
coffeemeetsbagel,"curious case of a girl i dated so i’ve been seeing this girl for about 2 months and we were hitting off really well with our conversations and seeing each other once a week, twice for some. about 3 weeks ago before we met up for a picnic, she dropped me a sudden message asking if i was expecting anything from her or from our friendship (?) , in which i replied saying that we met on a dating app and i’m not sure which way she is leaning towards so it would be better if she told me instead. she assumed i was mad when i replied that way but i wasn’t. she followed up by saying she can’t give me an answer because she does not know what she wants and only time can give her an answer. she continued by saying she was using CMB because she was bored and was suppose to head overseas to continue her studies but can’t due to covid. she went on to say she did not expect to meet someone like me and obviously enjoys spending time with me if not she wouldn’t have met me every week. she followed up by saying she does not know what i want and what i expect from her so she’s scared that i’m wasting my time hence the text.

2 weeks ago, i felt that she wasn’t communicating back anymore like how she used to. so i asked her out and she said shes been busy with a collaboration with a friend that is starting soon and next week she would be starting another job and will be really busy but she will get back to me when she is free.

now, the text is very one sided but she still remembered a key event and wished me luck for it even when we weren’t texting much anymore - 1 to 2 exchange a day. i’ve even tried to be nice by sending her favourite drink to her workplace to give her some motivation but all she did was thank me and kept saying sorry and that she does not deserve this and i should not do this again for her.
I have a strong feeling she is not interested anymore but also feel that she might be this way now due to the pile of work she is facing at the moment.

 what do i do from here? if it is of any help, she is a pisces."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I'm missing prompts for my profile, is anyone else? So, I started up the app after not using it for a while. Back then, the only prompts were ""I am"", ""I like"", and ""I appreciate when my date."" But, I'm seeing other prompts on other profiles, but when I try to edit mine, I don't even see an option for different prompts. What's up with that? I'm and Android user, and I'm not a premium member, is that it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Free happy hours today from 8-11pm local likes. :) Free happy hours today from 8-11pm local likes. :)
coffeemeetsbagel,"Match with someone just to hate them? I got matched with a girl who seemed cool, so I asked her about how long she's been ice skating and if she competed? Her response was just ""yes"". Then she immediately sent a LONG paragraph saying that my profile sounded like I was ""pretending to be intelligent"" (my profile says that I'm studying for Ph.D/grad school), never having my own original thoughts, and being obsessed with one thing. 

So I responded by pointing out why her profile says her interests are ""respect, kindness, and dignity"". The she said ""This is Coffee Meets Bagel, not Tinder"", and deleted me lmao.

Do people match with others just because they hate someone's profile and wants to cuss them out? 

Anyone else have this experience? xD"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does leaving a chat affects your future pool or matches? Just wondering does leaving a chat affects your future suggestion, pool, or matches?

Cases like:

Girl liked me, I liked back, and I started the convo, but no reply back...

Or

I liked her, she liked back, and I started the convo, but still no reply back

Because I have premium, I can see they are online in recent 3 days

So I usually wait for 4-5 days to see if there is reply, if not, I just removed the chat..

But I dont know if leaving the chat would affect my profile or something else?

Thank you so much!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discovery tab is incredibly buggy for me The discovery tab rarely works properly for me in numerous ways. I'm wondering if anyone else has similar problems or knows how to fix these issues.

1: Can't press the message button on someone who liked me.

2: Can't press the like button on available people in the discovery list.

3: Can't swipe through people's pictures.

4: Can't open up their profiles by tapping on their card.

5: If I scroll a bit sometimes the images all start bugging out and strobing with white flashes.

I'm on a galaxy S8 and these issues persist even if I reboot the app or my phone. It makes the discovery tab basically unusable."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Update: 2 weeks into the app Two weeks into the app stats:
- 47 matches
- 30 matches 1st week
- Half of second week matches is because of the unlimited Discover promo
- 27 good conversations so far
- 3 dates completed.  2 agreed to 2nd dates.  The remaining we are looking for different things.
- 5 future date requests accepted (how to fit it in LOL)
- 1 date request ignored
- a couple of conversations leading to more potential dates

Sydney.  Asian 39m.  Looking for long term relationship.

And the most crazy thing...  before this app I have never asked anyone out or dated.  Life changing stuff already."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How many matches do you get per day? And what’s your search radius? Hello guys, I just want to ask how many matches do yo get per day? And how far are willing to go on date?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"should i delete and create a new account? would that help? feel free to advice if you have that experience feel like i am like at the bottom of the barrel - no likes, unlike when it was new"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does every message need to end in a question? Most of the time, if all I do is answer the girl’s question without having a followup question, the conversation just dries up right there and I never end up going on the first date. 

Of course, I can ask the followup question, but it steers the conversation into sounding like a serious interview between robots that are just following protocol. 

I’m wondering if this problem is already an early sign of my incompatibility with the match. I don’t like leading 100% of the time, so maybe if she never continues the conversation naturally, then this is a sign that if we were ever going to get into a relationship, then I’d be the one doing all the work, not just the talking."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Extreme trickery/scamming done by coffeemeetsbagel - WATCH OUT I decided to purchase more beans, as they had a 'boost' prompt which claimed they would show my profile to more viewers. Once clicking on it, and paying $30.00, the prompt vanished. Now I can't find any options ANYWHERE on the app to see the boost option.

&amp;#x200B;

This is a scam done by coffeemeetsbagel, as a prompt to get you to purchase more beans. The prompt came up before, after exhausting your options, as a way to entice you to purchase more beans. Once you purchase beans, the only thing that came up after going through suggested is a prompt saying to invite your friends. It's ridiculous...

&amp;#x200B;

I have to say this is one of the worst apps when it comes to getting matches. Plenty of ghosting happens if I do happen to get a match.

I get plenty of matches on other dating apps, but for this. You're better off spending your $$ else anywhere. I've had plenty of great success with high value women on bumble personally."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable to login, can't find my account I was suddenly logged out of the app. And when I tried to log back in it tells me ""we couldn't find the account."" wondering if anyone else is experiencing the same thing, i.e. If it's a broad server issue or just my individual problem. IOS device, North America"
coffeemeetsbagel,"28M Profile Review I'm 28M, asian, SF Bay Area. Please DM me if you're down to review my profile! I feel like I should mention that i'm religious and I reference that in my profile. Coming back from a year hiatus, so would appreciate some feedback! Thanks in advance."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Could Like in Discover possiblly shown in Suggested? I am a guy. From what I understand if I Like someone in Discover, my profile will be shown on her Discover tab. But could it transfer to her Suggested if my profile mathces her preference? Does anybody know it? Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,How to permanently delete profile so I’m not visible to anyone? I realized my profile was on paused or something so I don’t think people should be able to see me but I clicked delete account. It said it would delete all my data-will be profile be unviewable to people who are searching or swiping?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chinese guys asking for whatsapp matched with a few mainlanders and thats fine with me and after 1-2 responses, they always said i am not on this app and asked for my WhatsApp numbers? legit or not (profile looks legit to me - but always about food, travel, etc.) and also why do they unmtach even before i responded - less than 24 hours?

FYI i am also asking for HINGE which I got twice already. but one chinese guy is legit - talk a few days however when i asked for a call, he said we will have nothing to talk about and then fizzled out - can mainlanders chime in - did i miss out of dodge a bullet?

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*we text in chinese mostly"
coffeemeetsbagel,Outage during Happy Hour Event (GMT+8 and GMT+9) I’m writing here to express my sadness for not able to participate this event for sending free Discover Likes to anyone right now. Elevated API error is still ongoing on their Status Page.
coffeemeetsbagel,Free 500 beans CMB got free 500 beans given to CMB users to make up for the app down that time.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is this app pay to win for guys? I managed to get two likes and three matches during my premium trial, and have gotten nothing since last week after the trial ended. So just wondering if this app gives premium users more visibility?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Conversation with guys How long does it take for a guy to respond to your messages? As in chatting quite well for first two days by asking qns to each other, will they suddenly ghost you ??? I was just wondering?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Blocking after coming back from deleted profile I dated a girl for a little while, so I deleted my profile instead of pausing it, and now I’ve added a brand new profile. In retrospect, I should’ve paused my profile, however, I wanted to block the girl I was dating for a short while from seeing so she can’t see my new profile. Disappointingly, CMB says this isn’t possible. Has anyone else run into this situation before? I’m no longer dating this girl."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Saying ""please respond"" To the girls that have tons of matches out there, does this bother you? When someone says ""please respond"" to a chat that you didn't respond to in over a day?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What do you think about letting the chat expires without saying anything? I have been chatting with this guy but I find that the conversation is going nowhere so my replies to him gets lesser and shorter.. Recently, the chat has expired with him being the last person to send a message and I have the option to extend it. 

The thing is I feel kinda bad since we have ongoing conversations but I don't want to continue having conversations with him anymore since we don't meet eye-to-eye (and I also think that he is hiding certain facts about himself too). Should I extend the chat and explain to him that I am no longer keen in continuing the conversation or just let the chat stays expired without doing anything?"
coffeemeetsbagel,What tips you would give to a new user of CMB ? ( I've only ever used only OKC before ) Also how quickly does the in-app currency aka  beans run out ?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Girls not getting notifications? Why is it that almost all the girls I message on this app say they don't get notifications? 

It seems like the go to excuse for ghosting or not responding for hours to days. 

Do girls on this app really hide their notifications or do they just not respond to messages?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Do girls usually have high volume of likes? Is getting 450+ likes on CMB normal? Or is this a glitch? My self esteem is like... it couldn’t possibly give me this many LOL.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Outage 11.5 - Now Resolved At this time, our outage has been resolved. If you are still experiencing issues using the app, please email contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com for assistance. Follow our progress here: https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporary Outage – 11.5 At this time, we are experiencing a temporary outage that we are working to resolve as soon as possible. If you are experiencing issues using the app, please email [contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com) for assistance. Follow our progress here: [https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io](https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"New user and unexpectedly great results I am 39M Asian guy from a major metro city.   First time really I put any kind of real effort in online dating.   Just signed up to CMB 3 days ago.  My profile is pretty short.  3 photos that is decent.  I am probably somewhat above average in looks for my age, but nothing particularly special.  I swipe right on about 80% of bagels.

Amazingly I have gotten 14 matches already.   10 of them I have conversations with at least one response, a couple of them quite long convos already.

The age range of my matches is 30-38.  Averaging about 34.

Frankly...  I am kind of flabbergasted. I thought online dating is supposed to be incredibly difficult for guys.   There’s supposed to be an element of “new sign up” boost..  but still, this seems kind of extreme.  This couldn’t possibly keep up could it ?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How does this app work for women? CMB newbie here. From what I understand, women only get 6 suggestions every day, all of whom already liked them. Does this mean that it can take days or even weeks before they see your profile, or are there any other ways for them to see everyone who has already liked them?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Outage – Now Resolved, 11.3 Our outage has now been resolved. If you are still experiencing any issues using the app, please email contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com for assistance. Thank you for your patience."
coffeemeetsbagel,"PSA: Server Outage-Nov. 2 At this time, we are experiencing a temporary outage. We rolled out an update that caused an issue with our servers. We are rolling back this update now and expect to have functionality back soon. If you are still experiencing any issues using the app, please email [contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com) for assistance.

Update: November 3rd, 10AM EST – the outage has been partially resolved, although we are having lingering issues. We'll update once it has been fully resolved.

Follow our progress here: [https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io/](https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io/?fbclid=IwAR1TUHPf8Kg5yWlzhetlqLFG-8m5SZLEVZveR9n68bH7ydGUxtNmgqN5CMU)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"People showing up in Suggested section with message ""Based on your recent activity, you two could have something special."" What does this mean? The person recently joined CMB? This person doesn't meet your preferences but we still want to suggest her to you?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What are Asian women looking for on this platform? Full Disclosure: I posted this same message on r/match as well, as I'm subscribed to both platforms. 

I've been on this platform for about a year now w/lackluster results.  When I've initiated conversations, I've either tried to ask simple introductory questions (ex. Hello, how is your day going?) to being bold and upfront in some (ex. Like your profile, and would like to get to know you more.  Are you up for an in-person or virtual chat to start?), and in some cases, just being direct (Damn you are fine, where are we going on our first date?).  I'm not interested in a one-night stand, and have never indicated that's all I'm looking for.    

The lackluster results have had me rethinking if I'm sharing too much, or not the right info, in my profile?   I think I have a lot going for me (I'm probably a 6-8 in looks that works out 3-4x/week, stable job, in middle-management, home owner, relatable to current music and fashion trends when talking to my teen girls, and focused on being a one-woman guy that's looking for LTR), yet I'm struggling to see what the people I'm interested in (generally Asian women in the late 30s-to-early 50s) are looking for in their match.  

What am I doing or saying wrong?  Is having a long profile TMI, or do women like their men mysterious and not hav a filled-out profile?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"When do you get new ""discover"" bagels? How often does the ""Discover"" section refresh? Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Any way to remove the ""chat is expiring"" notification? Nothing is worse than waiting for a match to respond and then you get the ""this chat closes in one day"" notification. Is there any way to remove it? The last thing I want from a girl that's potentially ghosting me is a false message."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I accidentally clicked the heart button in the discover section. When you scroll through the discover section, the heart button is on the bottom righthand side. When you click on a profile, the heart button is on the bottom center. When I scroll, I scroll by using my thumb on the right side, but this becomes problematic for accidentally liking someone. So I scroll through the discover section with my left thumb. But when I accidentally click on a profile and try to scroll down, I accidentally clicked the heart button on a random profile. 

I think the heart button should be fixed to the same location when scrolling through discover profiles and when on a particular profile. It doesn't make sense to me why the heart button changes position. It can lead to less quality likes through inadvertent scrolling and clicking."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I cannot find ""I am ... I like ... "" on my profile even in edit mode Please help"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Zero Bagels I (29m) live in Pittsburgh. After moving here from Philly at the beginning of 2020 I noticed there are fewer bagels. Then the pandemic hit, but not much changed in terms of the number of suggested or discover bagels. Maybe two per day on average. But lately there have been absolutely no bagels in suggested or discover. I have a hard time believing I’ve seen every bagel’s profile. I guess they are just rationing the extremely small number. 

At any rate, even if there were more, they probably don’t check their profiles during a pandemic. 

Guess my question is, is it just time to put the app down for a year and wait until things just become normal again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"27M Profile Review - All Feedback and Suggestions are Greatly Appreciated! Hey, hope all is well. I am looking for some constructive criticism and feedback on my CMB profile.

All feedback and suggestions would be greatly appreciated.

I am...

Career oriented, adventurous, and humorous. Always learning new things and striving to be my best self! I am positive and hoping to find that special someone to share the journey with :P

I like...

Board games, playing the guitar, reading, travelling, keeping fit, and trying new random fun spontaneous activities (everything from karaoke to paint-balling to go-karting, etc.) :D

I appreciate when my date...

Isn't afraid to be your fun adventurous self and shares a sense of humour"
coffeemeetsbagel,"[26M, Asian] Profile Review deleted"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to proceed after getting her number Hey guys. So I've been chatting with this girl for a week and it was going great. I got her number too. So I'm hell confused as to how to proceed. Should I call her or text her (and what do I even say when I do), and how long should I wait before I reach out to her (I just got her number an hour ago). I would've asked her out, but given COVID, I'm not sure how open she is to the idea. I was wondering if anybody could guide me on what to do next as usually this is the point where it all falls apart. Any help would be appreciated."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chatted with her for more than a week, but she doesn't reply when I ask for her number as the window is expiring So I have been chatting with this girl for over a week, and it has been an engaging conversation. Both of us were exchanging very lengthy texts. Since things were going good, and the chat window was about to expire, I asked for her number, so that we could take things out of the app(did not ask to meet her due to COVID). Out of the blue, she doesn't reply to my message. Should I just leave my number before the chat window expires, so that she could contact me if she wants to?. I'm not sure if she's aware of the fact that the chat windows in CMB expire in a week."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Accidentally deleted active message session Title says it all - put my phone in my pocket after checking my daily suggested profiles and didn’t lock the screen. When I hopped on my phone later, I was in the messages screen and it was empty. Is the session closed if that happens or can the other person still message while the session is open? If it’s closed, whoops - it was nice talking to you K!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"A few persisting bugs in the app Fyi, I have a OnePlus 7T phone which is a Chinese brand. Maybe the reason for the bugs as the QA guys probably test on Iphone and Samsung more?

1. The photos displayed in the edit mode are not the same as the one's displayed in your profile preview. So I'm actually not sure which set people see? The one's in preview mode I think was automatically chosen when you first create the account, but then you edit it to change them. Still see 2 different sets of pics.
2. I don't think I get text message notifications outside the app on my phone even though the chat notification is selected. I recall getting some connection notification but not for chat messages."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Looking for my new best friend and partner in crime... I am a warm, caring, funny bright woman. I am a good listener and will hear you when you speak. 

Life is meant to be shared with someone special. It makes life so much sweeter.

I am looking for my new best friend and a partner in crime."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I have had the app for a week now with 0 matches, is it time to delete the app? I have liked about 100 profiles, without getting a single like. No one in the discover liked me either. I think I am an average looking guy. My pictures are okay, I don't take many photos of myself. At this point it is just hurting my self esteem. Because when you first create your account, they are supposed to make your profile more visible to be seen by more people. Yet I still didn't get a single like."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Duplicate likes in Discover? A little while ago, I matched with someone via either Suggested or Discover, don’t remember which. After some chatting, I decided I wasn’t interested, so let the chat expire. Since then, the same person has shown up as “likes you” on two separate occasions in my Discover tab. Why would this happen? Is it a bug?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Regarding use of this app in India Has anyone tried this app and is from India?
Here I have only heard of tinder, bumble and hinge app so not sure about this app and i also don't want to unnecessarily create an account so if anyone can help me on this"
coffeemeetsbagel,"any timeline for next premium promotion? Hi I remember CMB had some premium discount in Vday, not sure if there's gonna be some promotion in Thanksgiving/Xmas/New year?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can you report someone who is lying to several women? I know people lie, but this guy is a total narcissist just sleeping his way through CMB but instead of just telling people he’s into casual he’s telling them all he loves them etc and then cheating on them all"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do girls only see guys that liked them in the ""suggested"" section? I don't know how the matching system works in the ""suggested"" section and whether it's different between guys and girls. If I don't like a girl's profile first, then would I ever show up in her ""suggested"" section?

If someone could explain how the system works, then please let me know!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How long is CMB going to nag me to ""finish"" my profile? Why tell me about bagels that aren't my preference? I didn't put down what school I went to because it's not relevant to what I'm looking for in a relationship. There's nothing about my college that made me think ""I really want to date someone from here over someone from any other school"" and yet it's important enough to ask me every single time I open the app. Sort of ironic that the app cares about where I went to college, but will gladly match me (someone who does not want kids) with someone who has kids.

&amp;#x200B;

Another quirk is the ""We want to show you a bagel, but your preferences don't let us"" which is sort of a weird statement. I hardly put any parameters on my matches. I set max distance to 100 miles and age to +/- 6 years which isn't too strict. I even tried setting all of my preferences to max, but it still didn't show. Why would it even tell me this? I set my preferences based on my actual preferences.

&amp;#x200B;

Overall kind of disappointed with the app so far. I'm going to keep at it because another avenue of meeting people is good, but I'm definitely not going to spend any money on it when it has given me less matches (and, yes, less quality matches) than some of the other sites I've used. There doesn't even seem to be a desktop site, which makes it less convenient for me. Just thought I'd vent about it and give some (hopefully helpful) feedback at the same time. I can't be the only one who feels that way."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile block What happened when someone’s profile is blocked on CMB, will they get notification ?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"If you like someone in discovery does your like appear on their discovery tab too? If so, for how long? New to CMB and I find it a bit confusing.

Few questions. 

1) On my discovery tab there is a list of women that sent me a like. Below that are women shown to me to like or not. I found one that I was really attracted to and sent her a like. Would I also appear as a like under her discovery tab?  I read in a previous post there is a 90% chance you’d appear? Is this true? How long does it take for them to see your like and how long would they see it? 

2) How can I maximize my likes being seen sent from the discovery tab? I read about flowers, but does that only work for suggested?

3) If for some reason whenever you like someone in discovery and they don’t see the like, will you eventually appear in their discovery too as liking them?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"A little confused on how this app works Lets say I am white male and I put my preference to only black females. That means my suggested will only be black females. However, if a black female has her preference set to only black males, does that mean she will not appear in my suggested because I don't meet her criteria, or will she appear in my suggested, however if I like her, I will appear in her discover instead of her suggested.

To give another example. If I set my distance to 50 miles, and a girl set her distance to only 10 miles. Will she be shown in my suggestion? And if she is shown in my suggestion, if I like her, will I be placed in her discover (because I don't meet her distance criteria)."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can I get a profile review? I don’t have a lot of good pictures - I’m not very photogenic lol, and one of them is a selfie. Also I tried to keep my answers short so that they’re not a wall of text. Other than that, what do you think? 

https://imgur.com/a/Knkz6n8?s=sms"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I saw a message notification come onto my screen and when I visited the conversation it wasn't there I saw a message notification come onto my screen and when I visited the conversation it wasn't there. The sender sent a few more messages but I didn't see the text she had sent to me when it had come up in the phone notification preview.

Is this a known issue? anything I can do to resolve it? Now I wonder what other messages I could have missed?

Edit: after two hours or so the message came through. Still wonder what else I've missed!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Mix of new/repeats in suggested For the past 3-4 weeks now out of 26 bagels per day in suggested, the last 4-5 will typically be repeats of women that I've passed on.  Prior to this I was never getting any repeats.  Is anyone else experiencing this as well?  Does this mean that I've cycled through everyone within my preferences?  I'm wondering if this is a new change by CMB to limit the number of new bagels you get per day."
coffeemeetsbagel,"People you liked reappearing in Discover If I liked someone when they appeared in my Suggested and then they reappear in Discover with the option to re-like that person, that means they originally passed on me, correct?"
coffeemeetsbagel,App crashes everytime I sign in Does anyone know why? Right after I sign in it crashes.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Getting suggested 1 person per day? Hey, I only got suggested one person a day for the past few days. Discover is often 10 women or more. Seems like it's abit of a scam to try and get me to buy beans. Any way to fix this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile still visible to Discover Page while on pause?? So I paused my account because I started freaking out about my ex or his friends finding me on this app even though we’ve been broken up for a while now. My understanding is that by pausing my account, my profile will no longer be visible to bagels on the daily suggestions page. That checks out because that page has been blocked out for me. But I’m still getting “he likes you” daily from bagels on the discover page which means that my profile is still technically visible then? Am I wrong on this? What’s the point of having my account on hold if I’m still getting matches from guys daily?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"'A promising bagel liked you in Discover!' bug? I've been unable to view my daily bagels with this notice of 'A promising bagel liked you in Discover!'.

I took the time to scroll through the Discover page, I seemed to have scrolled through everyone and not a single person liked me. Is this some kinda bug? Anyone else getting this as well?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Was I ghosted? Should I reach out? Matched with this guy online (I’m 44 and he’s 47) who initiates daily texting. Low key stuff (good morning) but it grows on me although  I was a bit bored with small talk. 

I asked for a voice call on telegram ( without exchanging phone numbers) after 2 weeks of chatting , he was non committal (said he wasn’t a fan of voice messages??!)  and offered more chatting via WhatsApp- I didn’t respond to that as I didn’t want a texting relationship and wasn’t comfortable giving my number. 

He then asked me out for drinks and I said yes, but that I’d have to social distance since our local covid numbers were rising ( he then backed off and said it would be better to stay home). 

Our chat expired on CMB last Sunday and surprisingly he extended it for 30 days- at which point we flirted more and I said “lol, do you want to message me till the end of days”. 

He asked if I minded chatting and I said I didn’t but it would he nice to hear his voice - to make sure he was not a scammer, Lol... to which he immediately gave me his phone number... and said yes, we should probably talk on the phone sometime- but no plans . I didn’t push it as I sensed he wasn’t ready. Neither did I give him my number. But we flirted more and joked. 

Thereafter, he goes silent for a day (Monday ) and I initiate text to him on Tuesday afternoon - was met with some enthusiasm. The last text was from me on Tuesday- something about staying home for the time being as there are now lockdowns in some local areas given rising numbers . Not a question to him at all... 

Since Tuesday night- he’s not initiated texting and neither have I- been 4 days now. Although I made a huge mistake by checking his linked in under my own profile! I think he checked out my LinkedIn profile under private mode after that.. 

 Should I have given my number to him or reach out now? Part of me thinks that he may be interested since he revived the expired chat and gave his number and asked for drinks. Another part of me sensed waning interest and thinks that he’s ghosted me and moved on to other people.

I deleted our chat in CMB so the only way I can reach him is to text him on his mobile- should I? . I’m quite guarded about personal info ... and he’s separated ( a red flag..). He said he’s met ppl IRL from CMB before. Did I do anything wrong? Or is this plain old fizzling/ghosting? Help..."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Whoops, that discover like didn't go through. Try again in a bit. Anyone else getting this error? I get it all the time. So annoying to be honest."
coffeemeetsbagel,"""Likes you"" tab has 60++ people, there is no ""he likes you"" in suggested I am relatively new to the app, and I am not so sure how this works.

My likes you tab has more than 60 pp ( I am on a premium trial), but my suggested bagels these two days do not have ""he likes you"". Preferences seem not to be the reason since the guys in the likes you tab do seem to match the criteria I set.

P.S: I just like one of my ""Likes you"" and the chat came through immediately. This seems like either a glitch or a total gimmick to get people to subscribe. If it is the second case, I hope CMB is more transparent because pp who don't may just think that they have no match.

P.P.S: Also, my Likes you profiles suit my preferences better than the suggested bagels."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chat disappeared because he deactivated? So, I actually logged out/ deactivated my account (not sure if my past chats disappeared for the other parties). I just logged back in and saw that just 1 chat I had with a good ex-match (we later chatted on telegram) is gone.

Did he deactivate his account? Or has he blocked me while I was off the app? 

But the chats I had with others before &amp; after him are still there."
coffeemeetsbagel,Prompts? How do I know which of my 3 prompts a match got? (I don't want to repeat information)?
coffeemeetsbagel,Not receiving notifications I'm not receiving the daily noon notifications and chat notifications unless I open the app. Have checked and my app notifications are all turned on. Is there any way to fix this?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Delete vs. Block vs. Report What’s the difference? When you slide a chat to the left, a Delete option shows up. Is that the same as a Block when done from inside the chat?

What does the other party see in the 3 cases?

I think I’ve deleted a chat only for the chat to reactivate when the other person sent a message. Does that mean the other side doesn’t see the deleted status?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chat 3 day extension bug? I was chatting with a woman and got the ""your chat with name will close tomorrow, to extend for 3 days get the conversation going"". Despite us exchanging 1 message each after that the chat did not extend 3 days and closed after 24 hours.

Is this a bug?  How many messages need to be exchanged to get an extension?  Other times I've had chats with matches where nothing was said and it extends the conversation 3-4x before it closes. Very random."
coffeemeetsbagel,Accidentally charged for premium membership Hello team I have been accidentally charges for the renewal of my premium subscription even tho I've deleted the app and have not used it since. Just found out a few days agp ive been charged already. Is there a way to submit for a reversal and refund? No beans were used since this accidental charge :)
coffeemeetsbagel,"Clarification on ""blocking"" a user I searched through the sub and saw conflicting and/or outdated information on the behavior of blocking vs reporting.

Does blocking a user prevent them from viewing your profile as well, or just prevent you from viewing theirs?  Reason being is I gave some information to a scammer and then blocked them, but want to ensure that they can no longer access my profile."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Did the boost feature get removed? I recently updated my profile and was interested in using the boost feature, but didn’t see it. I have enough coins saved up. Was it recently taken off the app? Any help would be appreciated."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Trouble Loading Images Tonight? Is anyone else having technical issues with the app tonight? My internet is fine, and regardless of WiFi or LTE, I still can’t get the majority of images to load for anyone’s profile, whether in Suggested or profiles of people I’m chatting with."
coffeemeetsbagel,"25F zero bagel suggestions for 2 days I will get notifications that my bagels are ready &amp; then I will have no bagels in suggested? I have people liking me in discover. Do I really suck at this app or is it a bug? 
Thanks everyone

Update: I posted this about 48 days ago. As of about 4 days ago I have been getting 8-9 bagels a day and I like about 4 of them. So it took awhile for the algorithm to start working for me. It’s about getting matches now..."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Am I doing anything wrong? Making plans with a guy for a hike then I ask if we are both wearing masks? Then no response for a day did I just got ghosted? 

**edit i really appreciate the comments below made me feel a lot better, FYI for more context, he said I can choose whatever i want for an activity then I asked for a walk then he said suggested a restaurant and then i said i prefer walk then he was like ok and gave a time and then when i asked for the hike location and asked if we both are wearing masks, i got no response, jesus why are ppl so fickle these days?

Honestly covid has making dating so hard, online texts and video chats and calls FIZZLED OUT LIKE IN SECONDS, I haven’t been in like any irl dates unlike last year"
coffeemeetsbagel,"PSA for Girls Hi CMB

I’ve been using CMB on and off for a number of years now, and I’m glad to say I’m happily dating someone I met off the app for a few months now. As a romantic, I know it can feel a little unnatural using an app, but if you can make a bona fide effort, I think you’ll at least get an opportunity to meet some really great people.

I want to give back by writing a quick PSA: please please try your best to keep your personal hygiene as good as possible on your first couple dates. For girls, this includes shaving, in my opinion (and I believe it’s the opinion of most guys as well, even if they don’t verbalize it).

Earlier while using the app, I met a really wonderful girl. She was a young, pretty, accomplished doctor who for some reason was virtually in love with me by our third date (no comment on that). What’s more, she had a kind, gentle personality, as she really cared about her patients. However, on our second date (she was wearing a dress), when she passed the butter, I saw a full bush of hair coming from her armpits. At that moment I instantaneously lost any attraction for her, and i just couldn’t see her the same way anymore; I had to break it off.

Now obviously some of you will think I’m a mega chauvinist, and that “if not shaving was a deal breaker, she is better off not dating me”, that girls have a right to dress/look however they want... that’s all probably true. But I just couldn’t help feeling that way after I saw it. In mind of this, I think if you want to improve your odds of meeting someone special, please try to be as presentable as possible. Guys, this includes you too (shower, shave, dress appropriately). While not absolving myself... humans are shallow, and I honestly think things could have worked out between us if not for just that one thing."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Issue with TEXTing: How much texting is too little (make others feel like I am not interested) when in fact I am not a big texter and how to migitate this? I texted back every 3-4 hours is that NOT enough? got a few men asking why I text so little? when I am consistently texting 4 hours and also sometimes I OT at night and don't respond, or does it depends on individuals? some guys don't text until they make plans

&amp;#x200B;

\*\*edit not gonna lie, I hate texting, will straight up ask for a call or facetime"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB ""masturbation video"" blackmail scammer Summary of story

1. Matched with a girl on CMB
2. Girl asked to chat on IG bc she doesn't check CMB too much
3. Chatting on IG a bit
4. Girl asks if we can videochat. I think to myself sure why not Im bored. Virtual date is a thing now so okay. Should have realized it was a scam when she said ""can't talk bc grandparents are sleeping in the next room but can still chat with video on""
5. Turned on Google hangout. This ""girl"" suddenly appears on screen and starts stripping half naked. (Im extremely confused at this point and catching on to what is happening at this point)
6. Me: Okay...? wtf? No Im not going to take my pants off and join you. the f outta here.
7. Once realizing I wasn't stupid enough to fall for this, this scammer edits a video of my face at the start of the chat with some random dude's bottom half with his dick hanging out, and threatens me that he will send this edited video to all my friends on IG. Whats funny is that Im wearing a white tshirt when I turned on the video chat but the edited video of the masturbating dude is wearing a navy blue tshirt lol
8. Me: sure dude, thats not even me I dont care. I was just trying to chat with someone I matched on CMB but got this instead lmao. Whatever peace out.
9. I promptly took screenshots of our conversation and blocked this person.

&amp;#x200B;

Okay question. At that moment, I didn't give a shit bc its a fake ass edited video and told the scammer to piss off. Now I'm thinking if Im actually kinda screwed bc regardless of if the video is clearly edited or not, if this person sends this nasty video to all my friends, I will look stupid as hell? Thoughts?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Do guys not like when girls like them first? I like a couple of people in my discover section but I find I’ve never gotten liked back from the ones I like first lol. Granted I’ve only been on the app for 2 days. Don’t think it’s a my photos are terrible issue either cuz seem to be getting around 30 likes from others per day. Am I punching above my weight? :S or do guys just think less of girls who make the first move?
coffeemeetsbagel,“Time to make your move” “Ask them about it?” I’m new to CMB and I’m wondering am I the only one they send the notifications to or does my match get similar ones as well?
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB Scam Recently I have encountered 2 suspicious guys on CMB! Made me buy bitcoins and what not. The whole situation changed very quickly. Please beware!! And it seems that these incidents only happen to China guys, no offense!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"re-match ?? i matched with this guy, and i thought he was really cute. i sent him a message but he never replied, my guess is he’s just not active on the app but the chat closes after 7 days. is there a way that i can re-match with him? 

also, i actually found him on instagram, would it be stalky creepy if i message him there? note that we matched almost a year ago (dec 2019). he came up in a conversation i was having with my friend recently, and i have just been thinking about it. any advice is welcome. thanksss :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Multiple times showing up in suggested Has anyone come across a situation where the person shows up in suggested but you pass on them and they show up again several weeks after. 

I thought once you ""pass"", they wont show up again in suggested.  How does it work?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is CMB's ""block"" feature misleading? Blocking on social media means you can no longer view the profile and vice versa. If you try to block a profile on CMB, it says ""If you block this bagel, you will leave the chat and be unmatched. You won't be able to view their profile again."" It does not say that your profile is removed from their app. CMB CS confirms that ""blocking"" a bagel only removes their profile from your app and does not remove your profile from the bagel's, unless you report them.

But after blocking them, your chat is removed and you can no longer view their profile to report them to prevent them from viewing your profile again. Does this feature protect your privacy?

[View Poll](https://www.reddit.com/poll/j1pt3m)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to exit chat on CmB ? CURRENT MATCHES. If it's a current match and I go into 3 dots there, all it gives me is ""block this bagel"" and ""report this Bagel"" I dont want to block or report anyone. Just exit the chatroom. Like some of the active bagels do. How can I do that? 
I've deleted them before by pressing and selecting a Bagel and hitting the ""trash can"" but then the bagel texts me smthng and appears again ..

EXPIRED MATCHES  how do I exit the chatroom from expired matches ??"
coffeemeetsbagel,Hello I'm single and have no children Are there any women who would like to have a child or children within the next few years.
coffeemeetsbagel,"he asked for a video date and I said I will get back to you and I never did cause I completely forgot of work and that was weeks ago, I am interested - should I message him - would he get upset or too late Thank you for the encouragement here will shoot him a text to see!

FYI he never follow up so it slipped my mind"
coffeemeetsbagel,"he suggsted to hang out/tag along but never make specific plans and we continue to text i mean should iask for a specific one, but I don't want to be pushy too

&amp;#x200B;

FYI for more context: he is 110% single, last week he was like i am going for a hike on Saturday id be nice if you want to tag along then we continue to text and then he mentioned nothing about the hang out when thurs/fri rolled around. on the text he was like what if i get a tattoo if we started dating, and i was like we haven't met yet (big hint) and then he stopped responding lolll"
coffeemeetsbagel,"is there other apps out there to meet solely asian Americans? i am using cmb and hinge and am in Dallas, texas, honestly it's rare to get AA matches, and wanted to see if there are more apps I should try and can filter out, or have a larger asian pool

&amp;#x200B;

FYI for the trolls down there, I am no white male, asian female 25 from boston."
coffeemeetsbagel,"My matches keep disappearing! I had a few chats, one of them disappeared.  I uninstalled, reinstalled the latest, cleared data, and open the app again.  The chat that disappeared reappeared in my SUGGESTED.  I matched again, and now ALL MY MATCHES are gone!  
The ONE thing the app is supposed to do right and it doesn't work."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How long does it take discover likes to match? I've had my eye on a guy on the discover page for a few days. I finally liked him this morning. So far, no response. How long should I wait before I can assume he has passed on me?

He's been active on the app at least 72 hours ago. If he isn't active when I send the like is it just thrown into the void?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does deleting the app delete chat logs? Does deleting the CMB app, delete the chat logs? I recently met my gf on CMB, so we are deciding to delete the dating apps, but want to keep the CMB chats for memories"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Less than 2 minutes to respond? Has this happened to anyone? I get a like, she sends one of the pre-canned Qs that are conversation-starters or ice breakers, then closes the chat. All of this in 2 minutes.

I'd like to believe that she did have interest in me to 1) like me, then 2) send me a pre-canned Q. But, to close the chat in 2 minutes w/o a response?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I’ve changed my approach When I first joined I went through profiles with a fine toothed comb and I messaged everyone right after matching to get the ball rolling. Then I got frustrated when many of my matches didn’t write back. 

My new approach is to pretty much match with every guy in my suggested bunch every day (unless we seem to have zero common interests based on his profile) and wait for him to message me. If I get a message I will respond. 

I’m going to put effort and energy into the conversations and see if we seem to have a good communication. 

If he asks me out. I’ll go. 

That’s the extent of the effort I’m putting into CMB at this point. If after a few weeks I’m still not feelin’ this app I’ll just take a break. 

OLD is like having a second job."
coffeemeetsbagel,"What happens when someone you are chatting with deletes the app from their phone? Does the chat get deleted too? Or is the chat still there, but their profile disappears/is greyed out? Or does everything just look the same as usual, as though they were still active on the app?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Chat closing notifications Do both parties receive the “chat closing tomorrow” notification? Or is it just the person whose turn is to respond?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Second bagel batch bug in 3 days. Well the app bugged out again. This happened Thursday, It fixed itself Friday, and today it happened again. I already submitted a message to support. This is my first active week on the app. It really is too buggy to be enjoyable. I've missed out on many potential bagels in such a short amount of time.

Worst part is as a premium member it just feels like I paid for a product that just isn't delivering.

/u/CoffeeMeetsBagelCS"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Littered with bugs/issues, useless support &amp; no improvements - time to move on I've been using CMB on and off for over a year now, it has been my preferred dating app despite encountering and tolerating all the bugs and issues from the get go.   But one can only take so much.   I'd rather use a less popular/preferable app that FUNCTIONS reliably and consistently than one with so many glitches that never get fixed and with a customer service that just provides useless and repetitive responses.

There are re-occurring and current issues, mostly centered on chat:

\- 'Error logging in, please try again' message no matter how many times you verify correctly and reinstall; if you somehow log out, you're likely not to get back in for some time while your profile is active 

\- Disappearing textbox, chat messages that don't appear and don't display properly (ie., wrong order &amp; timestamp).  I suspect some of the mutual-likes &amp; ghosting with no messages exchanged at all is explained by a crappy designed messaging system that may not work properly from the beginning.

 I do hope CMB gets its act together soon.  At some point the user base will have had enough and move on for good especially with so many alternatives out there that don't have these issues.  

/u/CoffeeMeetsBagelCS"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I cannot login into the app I saw many people have login issues at one point or another. What was usually the resolution you came up with after talking to support? 

I've had a back and forth and they always say the same thing so I'm getting tired of dealing with the situation. I'll probably just try to get a refund for my premium subscription and start out slow on the free portion of the app once the issue gets fixed."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How recent are my bagel batches? I recently unpaused my CMB account and found out some batches may be from before I paused my acc? Does anyone know if this is true? I was thinking maybe my first batch was from way back, but how about the rest? Is it all queue'd up? There is one guy I liked back during my 2nd day being back on the app (he was in the 2nd batch) and i'm wondering if he liked me recently or way back. I hope this makes sense lol"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporary Outage – 09.15 At this time, we are experiencing a temporary outage. If you are experiencing any issues using the app, please email [contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com](mailto:contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com) for assistance. We will update here once we are fully operation again.

follow our progress here: [https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io](https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Most chats have blue circle to the profile pic but some have hearts next to them? I am confused why this is happening. I have liked profiles in the discover section. Some matches came back with a blue circle next to the profile, but some others came back as pink circles with a heart next to them. What are the differences? Do the blue ones mean that we both meet each others' criteria, whereas the ones with pink hearts mean that for one person at least some criteria are not met? Thank you!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Getting no matches. Is it my profile or is it the CMB algorithm? 33M. I started CMB about 3 weeks ago and have only received 2 matches. I live in the northern area of San Diego County and get 21 bagels a day. I have had to refine my profile bio and take more pictures to add to my profile pictures.

Take a look at what I am offering and see if you can get a idea of what kind of woman I am looking for. 

https://m.imgur.com/gallery/FYQXV8I"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do intro messages work? So, this may seem like kind of a stupid question, but I'm pretty new to CMB, and previously I used OkCupid a lot, which has a sort of convoluted way intro messages work.

Anyways, here's my question. You know how, when you're looking through your ""bagels"", you have a choice of either passing, liking, or sending a message? If you choose the message option, how exactly does the person receive your message? What I mean is, does the app give them a notification saying ""you've received a message from xyz"", and then allow them to go right to that message and read it and look at your profile if they want (the way OkCupid used to work, which imo was much better), or does the person not even know you messaged them until they get you as one of their ""bagels"" and land on your profile (way OkCupid works now, which imo completely defeats the point of messaging someone first instead of just liking them)?

Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do you put additional prompts in your profile? I've seen people's profiles where they have different prompts than the standard ""I am..."", ""I like..."", and ""I appreciate when my date..."" ones. How do you use such alternative prompts? I feel like they might help me make my profile stand out more, as right now it seems (at least to me anyways) pretty bland."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Missing textbox (unable to send messages) I was chatting with my match when the textbox suddenly disappeared at 12pm. The chat has not expired though as there is no option to extend the chat. Received a notification ytd that the chat will be extended for 3 days if there are messages sent. There has always been conversation to and fro, so technically the chat should have been extended by 3 days?

Anyone can help me with this? Tried contacting customer service but no reply. Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do you unmatch on this app? When I click the three dots, I only see two options: block or report this bagel.  I can delete chats but I don't think that unmatches me because I've had a guy message me after I accidentally matched with him and deleted the chat shortly after.

Is that option not available?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I thought selecting ""I'm not sure"" what I'm looking for would show me a mix of people. Instead I get 0 to 1 suggestions a day. We are adults and can work out where we want our relationship to go. I'm open to whatever feels right. I guess for this app to be usable, I have to lie and say I definitely only want a committed relationship."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable to reply to messages I just opened the app. I have two active conversations that haven't expired. For some reason I can't reply, there's no text box to write in and send messages. When I scroll up, there is a white outline for where it would normally be but obviously isn't.

Anyone else had this? I've tried clearing the cache and reinstalling the app. Quite annoying because those chats will expire eventually if I can't respond."
coffeemeetsbagel,"When it says ""ask your bagel to play 2 truths and a lie"" does it show that to both people? I saw that message when we matched so I sent her two truths and a lie about myself yesterday. Just realized she might not see it so maybe I sound like a maniac spouting off random statements about myself."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Saying “not looking for ONS/Hookups” in profile Is there a tactful way to put this on my profile (23F)? 

I was thinking of putting it under the “I am... (not looking for hookups)” prompt, but it feels a little standoffish to me. 

What are some creative ways to say this in my profile?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Deleted Profiles I’m just wondering how exactly does a deleted profile look like. From what I’ve understood, when you delete your profile on CMB, all of your info will disappear, including the chats with other bagels. But how to explain when everything is still there including your profile info, except no profile picture (greyed-out)? As what I know we can’t have can account without any profile picture.

Is this a bug? Or is this how your profile looks like when you put it on-hold?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why do guys from discovery not initiate convos? Just wondering, but since these guys are usually outside of the preferences I've set for myself, sometimes I do match with 1 or 2 of them but they never initiate the convo?  Didn't they spend beans to match with me?  Seems like a waste.  

There's currently 4 that haven't talked to me at all.  I haven't initiated the convo yet because I'm talking to about 4 other people and that's a lot.  Not a big deal, just curious what the mindset is."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Change profile questions? My profile currently consists of three questions/prompts: ""I am..."", "" I like..."", and ""I appreciate when my date..."", but I see a lot of women with other, more interesting prompts. Is there a way to change them? I can edit my answers to the questions, but can't see a way to change which questions I answer.

EDIT-- I should say, I'm on Android."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Creating too many accounts? So I've been on and off CMB for a while now. I use to get at least 2-3 like/likebacks a day but I stopped CMB for a while and deleted my account. I've picked it back up recently, using the same photos and descriptions. I only received 3 likes within the first day and radio silence for the rest of the week. I decided there must have been something wrong with the account so I deleted it and made a new on with all the same specs. Same thing happens, 3 likes (not the same 3) on first day and none after that. I've repeated this process 4 times and its always the same result. I don't know whats wrong because I like around 6-8 bagels a day and literally nothing. Do they blacklist people who delete and create accounts repeatedly?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Advice needed- women/men of cmb, how do you guys go about juggling/texting 1. i 25f get a lot of matches and comments, I find it hard to maintain all these convos without getting fatigue, do you guys limit yourself to only say, 2-3, how many guys do you narrow down to talk with
2. whats your process of narration that leads to dates, do you narrow your criteria- based on photos, messaging, phone calls etc,..? feel free to list it/be specific so can use as a guide
3. It is really not possible to text all at once, because i don't think texting is a good indication of irl comparability, but i don't want to lose out on all possible potential matches any advice is appreciated, thank you"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I signed up for the one week free trial of Coffee Meet Bagel Premium, here are some of my observations. So I'm a guy from Singapore and I've been using Coffee Meet Bagel for quite some time. I don't get matches, like few matches after like 3 months, haven't gone on a date before. So few days ago I decided to sign up for the premium (free trial) out of frustration and/or desperation. Here are some observations/findings.


- Active within 72 Hrs: Most of the Bagels they show are active within 72 Hr. Seldom you find bagels who are not active within 72 Hr.

- Sends first messages: Most girls do not send first messages. 0%. Sometimes (20%) you find some of the girls do send the first message (~20%). Not correlated with attractiveness.

- Chats with Bagels: Varies. Typically from 20% - 80%. I think this is a useful metric. If I see that the chats with bagels % is less than 20% I won't swipe. Waste of time.

- Usually replies within: varies, typically around 5-10 hours. Not sure how to make of this metric.

General conclusion: Is it useful? Not really. You get to see which girls don't reply, helping you to discard those profiles, but I don't think it is worth it for the price (S$47.98). But of course there's a lot more to premium, particularly being able to see who likes you. Unfortunately for me, I didn't have any, even after few weeks of swiping :(

If there's anything else you would like to know feel free to ask, I will try to answer if I can."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Abnormally high number of bagels? For the last month plus or so, I've been getting anywhere from 2-5 bagels per day, which is fine - that's how the app is intended. I've had premium for about two weeks, which I don't think makes a difference, since that hasn't changed anything from normal.

Today I got my usual notification and I've got *twenty-seven* bagels in my suggested.

Has this happened to anyone else before?  I've only gone through about 4-5 so far, but this seems real odd."
coffeemeetsbagel,"What happens when you delete a chat? In the chat screen, what happens when you delete a chat? (Swiping message item to left and click on delete) Does the other person get a notification for unmatch? Can the other person message you back?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Has anyone been in this position before? If so how did you achieve it? Hello I am Brian and im 20 years old. I am a PC Gamer and an IT Nerd. I have ASD (Asperger Syndrome Disorder). Im looking for somene like me who is into like ASMR stuff with long hair or a FWB (Friends With Benefits) friend who loves their hair touched constantly. Yes I have an addiction to hair and I know full well it is a little out of control im working on it but what would you guys and gals do to find a friend like this? Someone who I can hang out with and not be judged by because we love the same things about each other. Im not necessarily looking for a date quite yet. I want to find the right friend before I think about dating them. As you can tell im struggling with this doing it by myself so thats why I want your opinion on what you would do to achieve this.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile review greatly appreciated 24M, asian, accountancy in an east asian city with recent political unrest. 2 weeks in using the app with 0 match. Would really appreciate if you dear friends give me a few pointers.

###I appreciate when my date...
shares with me the hills and valleys of her life that made her the strong and virtuous young lady whom I’m fortunate enough to meet.

###Before we go onto a date, you should know...
courtship is no speculation. Let’s take the time to discover who we are and what we want. A good courtship ends with both of us making wise decisions. May we bring the right person into lifelong commitment.

###What makes a relationship successful?
A lifelong relationship builds upon loving the other more than oneself. Treat oneself with tenderness, but with the eagerness to sacrifice for the good of the beloved. There is no greater romance than such.

###Who should pay on the first date?
Me. It’s a small price to pay in searching for something truly priceless.

###My ideal adventure:
The journey with my spouse towards the fulfilment of life. Growing in character and insight. Exploring the beauty of our world arm in arm. Capturing every moment we spend cheek by jowl. And living our life abide as one."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Suggested vs likes you vs discover So I'm currently paying for premium and need some clarification:
1) how can I tell if someone in ""suggested"" likes me before I like them?  Do they show up/get moved to the ""likes you"" tab?
2) I see people in the ""discover"" tab who liked me, but they don't show up in my ""likes you"" tab.

Seems like there's no consistency?  Appreciate it if someone can provide some clarity!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Text box vanished even though we were chatting 10 mins ago :( This morning I realized that I had to send a message to keep a chat from expiring. So I did so and sent a message to the other person. She sent a message back to me within a few minutes, setting up a meet.

But 12 noon rolled around, and now the text box is gone and I can't send anything. What the hell? It's not even giving me an option to extend.

EDIT: CMB support is helping me out
EDIT 2: Noon rolled around and the system recognised our chat as ""expired"" so I was finally able to ""extend"" it and give my match my phone number. Everything is okay now."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile check for newbie, 23Y Asian male New to OLD, and been using CMB since 8/30.
My TA are girls living in the same eastern Asian country as me. (I am open to all ethnicities though)

Got 8 matches so far.
I am a bit surprised cuz I am quite tall (180cm) and fit (80kg with 16~18% body fat) for the country i am living in and my look is around the average.

And no, I am not here for ego, but getting more matches means higher possibility of finding the right one, since there are tons of girls who are gonna ghost you or flake out for no reason.

English description is OK for them cuz most of the girls I met here on CMB are well educated, and I've seen quite a lot of profiles written in English.

My mother tongue isn't English, but you'll see I ditch out the flag of my country that I would normally put in the ""polyglot"" part, cuz I want to stay low key on the internet.

【Here it is】

Job title: Management Associate, a Fortune Global 500 company

Alter Mater: [A target school]

Height: 180cm or 5'11

I am......

Ambitious, passionate, witty, tolerant, and empathetic

A powerlifter, a rugby player, a value investor, a polyglot 🇬🇧🇩🇪🇫🇷🇪🇦, an explorer

I like......

Weight training, playing rugby, watching funny videos, investing, learning languages, reading, traveling, divination, making impact, having deep convos!

I appreciate when my date... 

is sharp, courteous, willing to open up to talk when there is confusion and uncertainty,

knows what she is doing or wants to do, 

has a hobby or specialty which she can talk about for hours

【End】

Any suggestions or advices will be highly appreciated.
Thank you!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"This app is tortuous I’ve been on it for less than a week but I’m pretty much done with it. I get lots of likes and have been matching with lots of bagels and people who like me and even some people in discover.  I wrote to 16 guys and I’ve only had a handful of conversations. 

I’m wondering why so many people like and even send flowers only to not respond to a message. I matched with the same guy on hinge and he wrote me on hinge but not on cmb. I think this app is just .......bad."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Rate my Profile 33M. I started using CMB a week ago and am new to online dating. Got two matches and was wondering what I can change or improve on to get more matches. I am looking for a long term relationship that can potentially lead to a marriage. Targeting Asian females ages 23 to 35 who want kids and do not have children yet.

I am...

I am a daydreamer who lives life deeply and have big dreams that give me the courage to be myself. I grow and bond with family. I enjoy the journey of growing as a person. I am grateful I am human and have my strengths and flaws. Life is never boring for me.

I am a moderate INFJ with enneagram type 4 who is into attachment style psychology. I think deeply before I act. When I warm up I love to smile and bring out the best in people because that's what makes me feel my very best.

I like...

Soaring off the ground with the crow yoga pose, seeking new adventures through lush forests, rough trails or sandy beaches, optimizing my health through nutrition care and cultivating the food forest I wish to indulge in and share.

I'd love to immerse myself into a engaging and deep conversation on a night out at the beach and bond over some steak and fine wine. I like learning new things about others and I value spending good quality time and cherishing the moment. 

I appreciate when my date...

I love it when my date knows what they want and expresses their needs, has a great sense of curiosity, love being around family and are open minded. Also appreciate it when my date likes taking things slow to form a genuine connection between us and encourage a strong connection to ourselves.

Profile pictures are arranged in order of how they look in my CMB profile.

Http://imgur.com/a/v2LBal5"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liking someone just before the queue reset? So if the queue resets/updates at 12:00ish, and I were to like someone at 11:30, does that mean I'll appear on their queue and then just vanish in 30 min when it updates?

Or do likes appear on the next reset/update?

The whole daily bagel queue thing just has me wondering if it's bad to use the app right before it resets or if it makes no difference.

Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,Will people from suggested reappear?? I didn't get a chance to like back a person that liked me from suggested!! will they reappear in the future? Thanks to all replies!
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can someone review/help with my photos? Would anyone mind helping me out with my profile?

23 Male, White

5’11

Catholic

Bachelors working towards masters

Project Management 

Major metro area in the northeast

Photos:

https://imgur.com/gallery/yJM3rYJ

I’d gratefully appreciate critiquing the photos and making suggestions on how to arrange them, ideally from women from 18-35. Any other recommendations are welcome :)

I do get some matches but it’s quite slow."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Account temporarily blocked suddenly I registered CMB few days ago and working smooth using phone number login.  
Suddenly I cannot login account for more than 3 hours today. And then I tried to login again and said my account is temporarily blocked. I have no idea why??!! Was chatting with some matches so dont want to disappear suddenly."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Stopped seeing read receipts Does anyone know what it means when I stopped seeing read receipt status from someone I was chatting with? He hasn't responded in a few days, and previous read receipts have dissapeared, but I am still able to access his profile. Just wondering if he left the app and I should move on. Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,scammers I just wanted to let everyone know about a scam asking you to invest money by creating profiles on the investment apps - DBS and Huobi.  Reported.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Warning women in the Palo Alto area! I met up with this guy off-line. He had asked me to video chat. It started off okay but then he started making weird unsettling comments and racial slurs. He does not appear to be exactly who he says he is, as I was getting creepy vibes from him. Then I noticed at one camera angle that his pants were not fully on. He was jerking off. I was completely. disgusted. I reported to CMB about the behavior of this guy. CMB responded saying he has been **banned**.

A few days after, he appeared on the app again. I am disturbed enough as it is, but even more so that CMB backtracks on their words/allows this guy to create a new account undetected. What is CMB really doing to keep the community safe?

If you are a woman in the CMB Palo Alto area, please message me and I will share his info. I want to keep other people safe.

https://preview.redd.it/w8olcq9plrk51.jpg?width=1095&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=a27114ce808228466344c7e4f5ca8a5b407db34e"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys: how many bagels do you usually ""like"" per day and how many are you chatting with at a time? Just curious. I (25f) am new to the app and I liked a guy back but neither of us initiated the chat at first. I messaged him after like 2 days of getting matched and he hasn't responded. Wondering if he lost interest or is talking to other girls?

Also wondering out of all your suggested bagels, how many do you genuinely have an interest in typically?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are Discover Likes Also Timed? I was checking the app late at night a couple days ago and noticed a little red notification icon in the Discover tab and noticed that someone had liked me. They were cute and had similar interests but I didn't immediately reply back because it was late and I was honestly too tired to think of anything decent to say other than a generic 'hey'.

Woke up the next day and completely forgot until later in the day when I went back to check and the Like was no longer there in Discover.

Are likes through the Discover tab also bound to the same timer as the Suggested section? The timer seems limiting especially since this person never showed up under the Likes You section and I never received a notification. I feel like I missed out simply cause the app imposes an arbitrary deadline yet doesn't properly give you a heads up or even sort it into the right category.

Apologies if this has been asked before."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liking back and initiating the chat If I like a guy who has already liked me, do I need to message him first for him to know I liked him back? Is it expected for the girl to message first in this case or is it ok to wait for him to initiate?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do all likes actually show up in 'likes you' after subscription? Edit: Looks like 'likes you' section is capped at showing 100 at a time. Once someone is passed the spot is filled by another. Would be nice to know how many there are instead of the constant 99+ though. 

New user(female) here trying to get the most out of 7-day free trial. I've been using cmb for 5 days and the red circle above 'Likes you' tab reached 99+ after the first day. Today I activated the free trial, and see exactly 100 profiles who's liked me. I suspect this is all who has liked me as advertised. I have 5 profiles in 'Discover' section with 'He likes you' that are not in the 100, and more than 10 such profiles in 'Discover' from earlier days, also not in the 100.

Does cmb automatically exclude profiles who has liked you in 'Discover' but you didn't like back from 'Likes you' tab? Otherwise I cannot help but think the tab doesn't actually show all likes after subscription...

Thanks in advance for any answers!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB sent me a notification saying my match is ""open to a coffee date, a walk, or a picnic with you""? ""Hey throwaway, your match told us she's open to a coffee date a walk in nature, or a picnic with you. If you're interested, there's no better time than now to suggest a specific time and date"". 

Hi guys, I received this message just then with a certain match. Does this mean my match chose me specifically or is this a feature that applies to all matches? Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"When I block someone on the app, can they still find me on the app or ""discover""? When I block someone on the app, can they still find me on the app or through ""Discover""?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why does the ""read"" status change? Last night I saw my message was read by the other person (his mini profile photo appeared next to my last msg). This morning, I see that his mini profile photo is now only next to \*his\* last message -- as in, it is no longer next to my last msg and it appears that he never read it.

It doesn't seem like he's unmatched with me - I can still see our chat and there is no indication that he left or unmatched. 

Why does this change of ""read"" vs ""unread"" happen? Which status is accurate when this flip happens?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I delete and recreate my profile or leave it? I use 3 dating apps. OkCupid, Hinge and Coffee Meets Bagel. I use the same profile on all three. OkCupid seems to be the most consistent in terms of matches. I've been using it for over a year and I still get matches on OkCupid every week or two and got two matches yesterday. On Hinge I used to get matches a lot, but I haven't gotten a new match in a couple of weeks. On Coffee Meets Bagel I rejoined 2 months ago, got about 20 matches in which most of them never replied and the chat expired and now in a month and a half I haven't gotten a single match even though I log on everyday, go through all 26 bagels and message about 15 of them. I've been doing this for more then a month since my last match and haven't gotten a single match since that initial burst. Is my profile screwed up? Should I think about deleting it and restarting it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Talk to the person after blocking them Hello, there! I just joined CMB a few days ago, so I may not be familar with the right etiquette, but here it goes: I got matched with someone who sent me flowers. I liked his profile a lot, so I decided to connect.  I sent him a message first asking about his travels, but he wasn't responding for 2 days, and because I made a decision that I'd only talk to one person at a time to really get to know them, I grew impatient and blocked him! Maybe I was having a bad day when I decided to block him, but later I regretted my decision and I thought I should have waited longer to give him a chance to respond. I asked CMB customer support to unblock him, and when they did, I extended the chat, but now I feel kind of weird and not sure how to approach him. Did he notice that the chat was no longer available, and that now it's extended? Maybe he get thrown off that I approached him first? And how weird would it be if I send him another message now after he never responded? Any thoughts would be welcomed! Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Anyone else’s chat constantly being extended for no reason? One chat I have open has been automatically extended 6 times in a row (so 18 extra days now) and it’s not even like there was a reasonable conversation to justify even one extension in the first place
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile Review Looking for some opinions on my profile. [Album](https://imgur.com/a/Oj63EaT)

I know I need better photos, and I'm working on it. I just moved to a new place, but once I wrap up cleaning/settling in, I'm hoping to take a photo of me cooking something, along with a a better photo of me and my dog."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Length of time between responses?! Do you read anything into how long it takes for a guy to respond your texts? He seems to ask me questions and sounds interested in what I have to say but will take like over a day to respond, which makes me (unnecessarily, probably) feel like I also have to space out my replies (but I never end up waiting very long because I really like talking to him).

I wanna ask to move the conversation off the platform/meet in person but I’m worried the long wait times mean he’s not really interested."
coffeemeetsbagel,"If there’s one way to my heart, it’s definitely through video games I met him on CMB a few weeks ago. He’s a non-gamer whereas I am. We’ve been on 2 dates in one week and he asked me [this](https://imgur.com/a/fDj48hz) last night. 

He’s really pretty and funny as well. Not my usual type physically but hey, his personality is a 10. That is all."
coffeemeetsbagel,"If someone is on your ""suggested"" page, does it mean that you are also on theirs? I'm confused about how Suggested works. Does this mean that if I see a girl's profile here, that means that she will also see mine on her Suggested page?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is my profile broken? Am I shadow banned or is Coffee Meets Bagel messing with my profile? I use the same exact profile on OkCupid and Hinge that I have on CmB. Same pictures and pretty much the same text. On OkCupid I've been matching with at least 1 person every 2 - 3 days. I'm talking to 4 people and in August and I've had at least 15 matches overall in August. Out of those 15 matches I would say that at least 12 of them replied and I'm still talking with 4 of those. On Hinge I'm talking to 1 person. Another person I was talking to found someone else and I've matched with 5 people in August. On Coffee Meets Bagel I have matched with 0 people in all of August even though I log on everyday and on average I swipe right on at least 15 - 20 people out of the 26 Bagels I get. I rejoined CmB in July and had a rush of matches about 30 in a couple of weeks. None of the 30 matches ever talked. The chat just expired. The last match I had was in late July and the chat expired in early August without a reply. Now I haven't gotten a single match in over a month even though I log on every day and go through all 26 matches. I've message CmB support and they give the same exact answer. Your profile is working which I don't believe it is. Should I delete my profile and skip CmB?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do bagels who liked you in Discover reappear again? There was a girl who liked me that I was really interested in (I think the only preference that was off was that she lived a little out of town but I could’ve made do especially with Covid), but I’m a little new to the app and didn’t realize while I was thinking it over that people who like you also disappear once noon rolls around. What’s the chance she would appear in my Suggested or Discover again? I even changed my preferences a little to account for the distance."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Premium users (female) Hey guys,

I'm a female user for CMB. Just curious about premium subscription - I have a lot of guys in my queue for who liked me and I am just curious and want to see all of them lol. CMB offered a free subscription but to my understanding if you are a premium user, somehow the other person may be able to tell. For example, I think when you match they might get this message that you connected faster via priority likes or something along those lines. Similar to how guys who have premium can send flowers etc (or so I think that's for premium only?). Can anyone comment on this? I would prefer the other party didn't know I was using premium lol,"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chat has been extended twice without either of us sending a message Matched with a girl a couple weeks ago and she gave me her number. Didn’t really pan out but I noticed the chat has been extended twice since last week, without either of us sending a new message. Is that an automatic thing now or does it mean she has been extending the chat on her end?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Indefinite extensions? I’ve been talking to a girl, we recently moved to text. But, now every 3 days I get a notification that our chat has been extended for another 3 days, despite the fact that we’ve been talking exclusively via text for more than a week now. This has never happened with anyone else, anyone have any insight?

Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does it cost beans to chat to someone who's already liked me in discover? Hi am a newbie so trying to understand 

1. If I go to discover and a girl's profile says ""she likes you"", do I have to pay beans to chat to her? I understand her profile is probably not an exact match
2. If she liked me and I see her in discover, does that mean she used beans to like me in discover? As if she likes me in suggested, it will show in suggested only? Am I understanding that right? 

Thanks! 

I tried to search this reddit and the FAQs but couldn't find the answer to this"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile Review - share your opinions Hello everyone,

&amp;#x200B;

Previously I had tried this app but at that time didn't put effort into profile or photos. So this time I want to do it right. I will also share photos for review once ready but till then can you guys share you opinion and feedback on the profile details part. I am yet to make an account but I want get profile details and photos done right. I am 24 male btw. 

&amp;#x200B;

I am

a plant dad hoping to be a pupper dad, a quarantine hiker, and a low key weeb. ( not sure if I want to put weeb part)

I like

taking care of my baby plants, trying out new places at least once (especially for food), and meeting people of different culture and point of view / opinion.

I appreciate when my date

cares about climate change, can laugh at themselves and, can teach me something new/ brings out best in both of us.

&amp;#x200B;

Few more things about me that I am not sure if I should put in my profile or what is the best way to put it/ phrase it.

&amp;#x200B;

I am an open minded, considerate person. Love trying new things at least once. I am an ISFJ."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Sent 3 Flowers! Hi!

I joined CMB a couple of days back and found today some guy sending me 3 flowers. What does that mean? Also I couldn't see his photos except the first one because of the flowers (there were 9 photos). Is there any way to see those?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How female reappear on discover? Hi there,

I've liked one girl from my daily suggested which are 26 a day and I remembered her since she is working in the same org with me. After 2-3 months passed, I'm pretty sure that she didn't like me back but today I've seen her profile on my discover(without she likes you) just appear when I scroll down a bit on discover. I'm confusing what is going on. Did she see my like and already ignored me, and why she reappears again on my discover? Or will she reappear on my suggested again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Scheduled Maintenance – Thursday 8/13 11:59 pm PST - 8/14 12:30 am PST UPDATE 08.14: Scheduled maintenance is now complete. App functionality should now restored.

You can check our status page for updates: [**https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io/**](https://coffeemeetsbagel.statuspage.io/)

 If you have any questions, please email us at [**contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com**](http://contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com/)

&amp;#x200B;"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Bagels list Hi, what happens to bagels in the daily list that you did not swipe on, regardless of they liked you or not."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I have a NEW problem using CMB with VPN Background: I had always used CMB while turning on VPN all the time, had no problems, always can receive chat messages almost immediately and get new profiles at noon.

At yesterday's noon, I saw there were no new profiles, and the filter function cannot be used too; I was very certain that this is not a upgrade issue since the last upgrade was at least 4 days ago.

This morning, I thought, ""maybe try turning off the VPN to check, no big harm."" Surprise surprise, I immediately see the new profiles, and when I switched on VPN again, the third photo of a profile stopped loading, indicating that YES, it is the VPN causing the issue. For information, there had been no app upgrade on the VPN for the last week as well, so I rules that possibility out as well.

I would like to know if this is a common issue, and how to solve it. I don't want to turn off the VPN on my phone every half hour to see if I get new chat messages, that defeats the whole purpose of using VPN; and I still want to use CMB as before.

Could anyone help me on this? Thanks in advance."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Hello asking if what will others see if I liked their profile, but I decided to delete my account: Will the said liked profile still see my name/pics/etc?  


Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Hide myself from certain people? I am new to this app and wondering if I can hide myself from certain people that I know? I just started using it and came across an ex from many years ago. Currently have myself deactivated while I figure this out but if I can’t hide myself from people specifically I will probably just skip using this app.
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB: You need to do better with engineering This has been talked about a lot, but I think it bears repeating. I'm on Android and this app is just riddled with bugs. You need to do better. I've seen Series A startups do better than this. Some of the bugs are mild inconveniences that we can put up with — like messages not sending and having to restart the app and re-send (happens like half the time I'm chatting). Some of them make it almost unusable. Here are a few:

- Today my Discover section became completely blank.
- When I ""like"" or ""pass"" someone, the app freezes and doesn't show me the next profile. I have to restart the app to see the next profile.
- When I get a new match or a new message and I go into the app to look, most times I can't even see it in my Chats section. I have to restart the app to see.

It's a shame, because I see a lot of potential in this app and I can see it getting into unicorn territory someday, but these technical issues are a huge barrier. It's been 8 years since launch and I'm sure your valuation's crossed $100M by now. You can do better. Sorry for the tough love; I just like CMB's concept a lot and want it to succeed."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile review I signed up for the app a while ago, but haven't had much success. Any advice would be welcomed. Thanks in advance.

Profile:

6'0""

35, New York City

Software Architect

University of California - Berkeley/Bachelor's

I am...

A professional nerd, amateur athlete and avid outdoorsman who enjoys everything the world has to offer. A little bit sarcastic here and there. A lover of nap time and brunch.

I like...

Tennis, martial arts, hiking, cooking and photography.

I appreciate when my date...

Is passionate about life and has cool stories to share! Enjoys laughing at corny jokes and is sincere."
coffeemeetsbagel,Worst App for non responsive matches? Is it just me or is CMB the worst offender when it comes to people matching you and just not replying. I don't know if it is just my area or not but I have had no matches actually be responsive. I have had 1 give a single word response and the rest never responded at all and the match expired.
coffeemeetsbagel,"why bother initiating or start a convo when you dont put in the effort/dont carry convos/just dont want to continue? happens too many times on this app - guys why do you do that? i tried to be as engaging as i can - asking questions and ended up with one liner - why bother responding and even initiating at all? to me it seems like they are trying to get a sense of validation or reaction, what a time waster."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is It Worth Using Boosts for This App? I been using this app for awhile now and I want to know if it is worth using boosts, so that I can make matches. I just reset my account and still got nothing lately."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I'm In A Predicament So there's this family owned restaurant which I frequent a lot. Two family members manage the place. Father and daughter. I believe daughter is 40 or so. So definitely not young. But definitely not married or kids. Don't know if she has a boyfriend. She's a nice woman who I have seen for years of going there, but never really talked to. Right now they have curbside and we had a couple interactions. She also mostly answers when I call my order in. Last time I called she was kind of giggly. And when I when I saw her curbside, I said something, she was giggly then too. In any case, Id like to ask her out. But I dont know how because 95% of the time she doesnt come out. I love the food, but dont want to destroy my relationship with the family. But still, I dont want to spend life knowing I didnt try to ask her out. Especially being her dad's place and him being there and all. Im friendly with waitstaff and her other family members who work there, but I feel like I wouldnt want to embarass her by getting others involved. Any advice?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do I edit photo captions? (Android) When I tap on the photo I get:  
""Choose from Facebook  
Choose from Gallery  
Delete it""  


I have no edit option at all. The photo section in editing mode says ""Hold to reorder. Tap to edit"" but I can only add or delete it seems."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How long will my profile be shown in her 'discover' section? Yesterday I saw a profile of a lady that I might want to pursue further if possible in my discovery section of the CMB app and I 'liked' her profile using my beans (Usually I don't use my beans on profiles in the discovery section unless that profile is 'very fit' on what I am looking for). I was unable to send her a message as it seems like we can only like but cannot message on profiles in the discovery section.

I just wondering how long will my profile be shown on her discovery section? Also if she did not open her cmb app for a couple days will my profile in her discovery section be disappeared without her knowing that I have 'liked' her profile?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"If you get a bagel, does that mean that you are in THEIR filters as well? My understanding is that bagels are meant to follow the preferences that you set.

Does that also apply on the opposite end - i.e. if I'm shown a bagel, can I be confident that I align with their stated preferences?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"needed help with two questions: 1. what is priority likes? (i dont have premium but saw this with bagels who connected with me after I liked them) 2. should i choose blocked vs report? (if i dont want to appear on their list anymore, FYI i dont have unmatch feature for some reasons.. not sure why) wrote to CS but they doesnt seem to help at all!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unlucky or ugly, hopefully the first Been on this app for a few weeks now, you get 20 free profiles per day to look through, multiplied by maybe 15 days of using this app, how have i not even matched with one person."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is this experience common? I've been using CMB for a few weeks now. I get 2-3 bagels every day and I send personalized messages to every women. I have good pictures and a good profile (which gets matches on Bumble and Hinge). I have never gotten even a single message reply on CMB. That's about 20-30 people, and 0 matches. Is this experience common?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What’s the ideal amount of prompts to use? I’m on other dating sites, and I’m decent at getting my pics and bio in order. Normally of course it’s not prompts, and usually just a bio. I noticed the app keeps telling me the more prompts the better. 

So what’s the ideal amount of prompts? 

I’d imagine maybe 3-5? 

New user here, and wanted to try this app out, as a friend suggested it and I recently moved to a big city. I’m seeing a more cultured, and mature audience vs Tinder. I’m in my 30s and the other apps, while I’ve had some hits and good conversation. Usually it’s hookup culture, and nothing serious or just early 20s crowd. 

I look very young for my age, but I’m not very interested in the under 25 or so crowd. Was hoping to try this new app out, and see what happens!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"No profile details of old matches Hi I am going through all my matches. I noticed that for some bagels the I am... and I like... parts are disappeared but I can still see things like their names, heights, jobs. Anyone know how does that mean? Just curious about the app mechanism."
coffeemeetsbagel,Messages not received A person I’m chatting with and I just realized some of their messages didn’t come through. Is that common?  I’m now becoming concerned that’s happened with other people I’ve been chatting with too
coffeemeetsbagel,"Photo verification because I was flagged? I got an email from (presumably) CMB that I've been flagged by multiple users as looking underage. Not sure why anyone would think that, I'm 37 with thinning hair. Anyway, the email says to send back a pic of myself holding up a certain number of fingers or ill be banned in 14 days. Is this a normal security response? Or might this be a scam attempt? From ""support@coffeemeetsbagel.zendesk.com"""
coffeemeetsbagel,"I get the notification, but no bagels... I get the notification of a suggested bagel, but when I click on the notification it says ""when we have suggestions..."" This has been happening for a week."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Data breach, emails and name being sold on darkweb. Just wanted to give you guys a heads up that about 400k emails/names are for sale on the dark web obtained supposedly from CMB."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can you help a newbie please?! I all, I’m a female who’s just joined CMB, I have not paid for any of the extra features, my question is regarding the 8 or so ‘suggested’ profiles we get sent daily... do those men have to have liked you to be in the suggested list, or does CMB just select who they feel is compatible? I read somewhere they have to have liked you first but I’m not sure it sounds correct. Any advice greatly appreciated, thank you! :-)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What the hell is wrong with this app It is so buggy it's unusable.

Been on CMB for \~2 weeks. I can't even send a single message now. They're forever stuck on sending... This has happened for like 3 convos.

Why would I pay for something that's not even functional?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Are men always the ones to initiate the ice breaking chat? Just wondering because I have had to initiate each time so far (not complaining!!). Thank you!
coffeemeetsbagel,"New to CMB. How common are scam profiles/bots, and have you run into any? So far, every woman I've chatted seems like a real person, and so do the many other profiles I've looked through. Have you guys ever run into anything fishy?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Recovering account with new phone? I switched to a new phone and how I can't log in back into my account. Tried Facebook and phone number. Does anyone know if CMB CS will help you recover the account? I don't want to my original account.
coffeemeetsbagel,Traveling I'm traveling to Kentucky in a couple months. Can I change my location to discovery people in my new location? Does anyone know? Thanks!
coffeemeetsbagel,"If you match with someone ""faster through Discover"", do they know that? If you match with someone ""faster through Discover"", do they know that it was through Discover? Because that just happened to me and they left the chat room immediately. &gt;:( I'm wondering if they think me using Discover is too desperate or something. I feel like it would be better if the match weren't given that piece of information, and on their end it just looked like a normal match."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does a girl see if I “liked” her? I’ve been shown someone I work with that I’ve always thought was great, but I’m hesitant to “like” her if she’ll see it and doesn’t reciprocate. Thoughts?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to log into a new account when it could not be verified? I have created a new account yesterday. However, it was automatically logged out and couldn’t log in back because of failed verification. I have encountered this problem a few times already. How to fix it? Thanks."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Charged $75 for 7 Day Premium Trial Even Though I Cancelled Subscription on Day 1 When using the app I got a pop up that said 7 day premium trial, so I agreed to it. Then like always when I do a free trial I immediately went into the app store and my apple ID and cancelled the subscription from auto re-occuring after the trial. So I cancelled on the same day that I got the trial. Then the next day I got a bill for $75 from CMB. And on the bill it says:  Premium (Quarterly)  Renews Oct 16, 2020.

Does this get refunded after 7 days? So far it's been 5 days... I also emailed them a few times about this and no response. Shady company."
coffeemeetsbagel,Can people see how many times you viewed their profile? On the free or paid version?
coffeemeetsbagel,"My Date is Going Out with a COVID doctor the day before our date... WWYD? A guy I was really excited to meet for our first socially distance date (where we’d do an easy hike while wearing masks) mentioned to me that the day before we meet, he is going on another date with an ICU doctor who treats coronavirus patients. He wanted me to know so that I could decide if I still wanted to meet IRL or to do a video chat. I think it’s sweet that he cared enough to allow me to make a choice about my safety and I am staying with an asthmatic roommate so I appreciate his transparency soo much, but I’m just completely turned off now. 

Not sure if it’s because he mentioned another person (which yes, yes, it’s a first date, but I like to pretend there’s no one else. Like in normal times, it’d be rude to be like “oh I’m going out with someone else on the first date) or if I’m just put off because idk how much you can trust another person will really socially distance on a date if it goes well. I hadn’t thought of it that much, but now I’m like really concerned. I know personally know two nurses who got the virus despite all precautions. And it’s not a diss, I have family who are also healthcare workers and we have purposefully not even seen each other, they are isolating from family because they do not want to risk spreading to family especially after seeing what happened to the two nurses. I don’t think it’s fair to ask this doctor not to live life, but I’m also afraid. 

Anyway, I asked to FaceTime instead, but now I’m just thinking, eh, let’s just scrap it all. The doctor is awesome enough for him to risk it and I’m just not excited about the date anymore. I should add we lost a great aunt to the virus and it was awful all around so maybe that’s why I’m just extra worried. Like it’s made me not want to date because it made me realize not everyone would tell me they were in contact with someone on the front line. He seems like a great person, I’m surprised at my total 180 on him now.

What would you do?
Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I liked someone whose profile said ""she likes you"" and nothing happened. What. I even had a number in my ""likes"" section that disappeared when I liked her. What happened."
coffeemeetsbagel,"3-Day Chat Extension I had a chat start last Friday, and it was set to expire but was extended another 3 days today. I sent a message yesterday, but prior didn’t receive response from the guy in over 3 days. Does this extension just happen automatically now? I didn’t think this chat counted as “active” because not both of us sent a message within 72 hours. Unless there’s a chat glitch where I’m not seeing replies."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are phantom likes a common thing? I installed the app just a few days ago. I saw a like from someone shortly after noon today, but waited after work to respond - I opened the app and nothing was there, I figured they made a mistake and unliked me, fine. Later this evening I saw someone liked me back, clicked the push notification 20 minutes later, nothing happened. Opened the app, nothing's there.

Does this usually happen with the app? It's pretty annoying..."
coffeemeetsbagel,"No one showing up in Discover? I made a CMB account about a month ago. At first, it seemed like there were a lot of bagels showing up in Discover when I applied my search filters. Now after a few weeks, there is only the same one or two bagels showing up in Discover, ~~even with minimal/no filters.~~ **EDIT:** still seeing bagels with max range on all filters, just not with my preferred filters (age 18-30, 50 mile radius).

I imagine a lot of these were ones that I had passed on in Suggested, but I know there were some missed bagels that I didn't like or pass on that I used to see in Discover that aren't there any more. Do these bagels ever reappear or are they gone forever? There was one in particular that I'm trying to find again."
coffeemeetsbagel,Delayed responses from matches So I just created a account and matched with some dudes and we are chatting but I’ve noticed ALL of them are super slow repliers 12hrs+ later I get a response...and I ask Qs so it’s not like it’s a boring chat. And it’s recent connections so there are things we can chat about! I am wondering how this app works? Is there a chat limit or is the app glitching or is it just me lmaooo (like these dudes are working from home so not like they don’t got their phone on them)
coffeemeetsbagel,"PSA: Server Outage 7.15.2020 We are experiencing an outage affecting Suggested Bagles and the ability to access the CMB. This started at 9:00 PM PST. 

Edit: Words/Email (contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com)"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is anyone going on IRL dates during this time? Lmk cause I am thinking of doing so
coffeemeetsbagel,Chat in dating Apps I noticed most people don’t reply promptly. I’ve had matches and conversation is always seldom and take 8+ hours for responses. Maybe it’s just becoming numb to the online dating that causes this?
coffeemeetsbagel,Can people outside of your age range settings still see you? If my age range is set to 18-21 can someone 22+ still see me in their discovery?
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do read receipts work in premium? Trying to figure out how read receipts work with a subscription. I thought you could see the time/date messages were read with premium.

 I just see the time that \*I\* sent the message. 

Does anyone know or have a screenshot to point me in the right direction?

Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do I add more prompts after initial edit? Hi,

  I have only a few prompts (not including the traditional ""I am..."", ""I like to..."" and ""I want my date to be..."") for my initial edit. I did not realize I cannot add more prompts later. I can edit the current prompts. But that is it.

  What can I do??

&amp;#x200B;

Also, as a female, what kind of photos should I pick? (looking for marriage, no hookup)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is 1 bagel a day normal? When I first created my account I had maybe 8-9 bagels that I could see and like, but after that I only get 1 bagel every 24 hours. Is this just how this app works? I am right next to a big city if that helps. I really like the type of people the app is showing me but if I can only send 1 like a day, and online dating is a numbers game, I don't know if this app is basically pay to play."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporary Outage – Now Resolved 07.09 Our outage is now resolved. If you are still experiencing any issues using the app, please email contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com for assistance. Thank you for your patience."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I put that I'm autistic in my profile? When I was a kid, I was diagnosed with Aspergers syndrome. It's a social disorder that makes it difficult for me to socialize normally. Which is true because I am generally a very quiet person who prefers small talks and only prefers to be with 1 or 2 people the most. I had been in 2 relationships with Coffee Meets Bagel, but I'm not sure if I should mention that I'm autistic in my profile. My autism is high functioning which means I can do things that most normal people can do like work, paying bills, etc. being independent. I also have a science type of mind with strong interest in math, make music, and anime/some gaming."
coffeemeetsbagel,"No bagels for two weeks I live in a major city and have set my distance range to 50 miles with a generous age filter. It was less than a month into the app before I stopped getting bagels. I now get 1 every day instead of the 15-20 I was getting before. There are plenty of people in my Discover section that are within my filters that I don't seem to be getting.

What gives? Have I truly just gone through everybody on the app in less than a month? Or is something else afoot?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Data Breach? Getting weird emails where if you respond, they redirect you to webcam sites. I know they obtained my email from coffeemeetsbagel because this email is one that I created specificly for cmb.

I registered last month and now I'm getting emails from ""girls"" using my first name.

Anyone can confirm if CMB's data have been breached recently?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover Section How does the discover section work? I’ve tried to find someone I know in real life who’s using the app and I managed to, by tailoring the preferences through the filter, but when I tried doing the exact same filtering the next day, I can’t find the person no matter what."
coffeemeetsbagel,"What is the ‘Like You’ section and how come I don’t see anything? Also, if you view someone’s profile, does it notify them?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Got passed by a Bagel in Discover? Hey guys, if a bagel that i took using beans from Discover reappears in the discover section a week later, is it safe to assume that i got passed by that bagel? The profile doesn't say ""liked"" and it gave me the option to like it again."
coffeemeetsbagel,"New to CMB Hey guys, I’m new to CMB and have no idea what I’m doing. I got a “he likes you” Notification and the only two options I have are an X or message bubble. Is there no way to like someone back without having to start a conversation or does this mean I must’ve hit like on his profile already without noticing? Thanks! :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Deleting an expired conversation I went to clean out my expired conversations from previous matches. I'm curious to know if the other bagels would still be able to start another chat room if they happen to extend the conversation on their end.

Also, if other bagels delete the chat room on their end, is there a way for me to know this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can’t create account June 2020 Same problem. 
For weeks. 

Tried creating account via 

1. Facebook 
2. Apple ID
3. Phone Number 

Says “sorry we weren’t able to verify your account”

Contacted customer support. 
They responded with some General automated response telling me to try resetting privacy date
Clear cookies

Tried everything. And can’t create account.  

Contacted customer service weeks ago.  Three times. 
No response. 
They must have no customer service. 

They have zen desk email service set up , yet absolutely no response.  This is a shit company apparently. 

Also left a terrible review on the App Store to see if it’ll get their attention. 

Absolute. 

Garbage"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Just got helped out by the spirit of Bagels Past.      I lay down to go to sleep and started going through my daily bagels before I called it a night. The very first profile I was presented with was a woman who stood out to me a bit but I ended up choosing not to like her profile, a decision which I found myself regretting after I had already made the decision.

I continued on and after I had worked through all the profiles I was presented with for the day, I decided to go back and look at the pictures of someone who I had matched with last year, gotten to know, and eventually became friends with. We live kind of far apart and haven’t been able to see each other often especially with the virus since she lives in a very populated area, so thought I’d look at the pictures on her profile to try to better cement what she looks like in my head. 

I scrolled through her pictures briefly but then noticed that even though I had exhausted all my potential matches for the day, I suddenly had one extra one, As indicated by the little red number one. I went to the suggested tab and lo and behold, the person that I regretted declining was back! I made sure sending a like was what I wanted to do, and went for it. 

Just kind of a fun story so I thought I’d share. 

I’ve literally never been on the sun before so if this doesn’t fit or breaks any rules I’m sorry. Also, I know some dating apps allow you to go back and change your mind about a potential match that you declined liking. I don’t know if CMB offers that, and even if I’d did, I have never spent any money on the app before so I don’t know what I would be able to use any special features like that."
coffeemeetsbagel,"New Data Breach I'm in the same position as [https://www.reddit.com/r/coffeemeetsbagel/comments/fedr3b/new\_coffee\_meets\_bagel\_data\_breach/](https://www.reddit.com/r/coffeemeetsbagel/comments/fedr3b/new_coffee_meets_bagel_data_breach/) where I signed up to coffeemeetsbagel with a unique email address in Feb 2020 that I've never used for anything else and that I've never sent an email from. I've started receiving spam to this email address that addresses me by name. Nothing about the email is associated with my name. If CMB is to believed that they don't sell data, it should be the case that there's been a data breach, but the above post is 3 months old and I'm not aware that CMB has announced a new breach. Can CMB let us know if there's an ongoing security audit? Have they hired an outside firm to investigate?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"The app has logged me out and cannot log in back. Please help me to solve it. The app has logged me out of my account that I have created by my phone number and every time it has sent me back to the “create an account” screen. I can’t seem to log back in to any of them. When I try to go through the “log in with phone number/Facebook”, it says that there’s a problem verifying my account but I don’t have an email set up through the app to contact them for support. I don’t know why the app has logged me out twice without any way to log back into the accounts. If anyone can help me with this I would appreciate it so much!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Troble login in I have tried to send email’s but nobody answers and I have tried to log in to my account but it says that is not verified. Does that mean that my account is deleted?
coffeemeetsbagel,"7-day trial and deleting account I've had an account for months now with little success. I decided to try the 7-day trial yesterday and used one of my 8 likes. If I delete my account and re-create it using the same phone number:

1. Will I still retain my trial?
2. If yes to 1, will the trial reset my likes back to 8?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Phone number based login issue The application straight up doesn't allow the login after registering for the first time -- after I provide the login code via text message, it fails with an error and suggests me to retry (which I did for 20+ times and every single time it fails).

Customer service e-mail doesn't respond at all, either (and yes, I did provide the phone number and symptoms and all).

So... this is the norm? Register and receive an e-mail about how I got my profile approved, but never be allowed to get onto the app, and even though there's a critical application usage issue customer service doesn't reply? No on-calls, no nothing?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do you address unemployment in a CMB profile? Hi, I (22M) recently graduated college, but am currently unemployed. Should I address this in my CMB profile? From what I have seen, this app appears to be more serious than some others, so I would like be honest and not leave out potentially important details.

Would it be beneficial to include a prompt addressing what I am doing in the mean time to improve my employability or something along those lines? Or do you think I should avoid this topic all together? 

Thank you for your help!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Activity Report - past 72 hrs not active May I know what does it mean when the Activity report off an expired match shown not active for the past 72hrs but the chat with Bagels and sends first message percentage drop from a higher number to a lower number changing within 5days, furthermore the usually replies within has no data?

Does this mean this person the last login before the 72hrs data reset or any possibility?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Problems logging in I made an account,  when I went to pick my photos it logged me out and customer service hasn't responded. what can I do?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Laggy chat on Android. Anyone know the fix? All my inputs are super delayed and it's frustrating.
coffeemeetsbagel,"I am so frustrated with the customer service team (account verification) CMB rep reached out to me immediately after this post and solved the issue.  If anyone has an issue with the account, I would recommend reaching out to the Reddit rep directly. Thanks for the prompt help.

&amp;#x200B;"
coffeemeetsbagel,"[question for both of you who have premium] how do you usually go about looking at stats? for example if a guy or girl has only 10% sends first message, would you assume he or she is picky, etc. etc. most importantly, how does it guide your actions - are you willing tomessage or not message more?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How long does it take for missed connections to cycle through again? I saw that a guy liked me in the discover section, but I didn't have time to message him back, just glanced at his profile.

I heard that this would be counted as a ""miss"" since I didn't act. About how long would it take for his profile to cycle back into my discover or suggested sections?

If I don't open the app for another week or so and other unseen likes build up, will that affect my chances of seeing him?

Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I suspect there is a data breach at CMB I opened a new Reddit account just to post this.

Recently I have received two emails to the email address I registered CMB with (I have deactivated it and deleted it completely about 3 months ago). The emails each consist of one or two sentences only. The title was just my name. The sender uses Gmail and a gmx domain email. The first email was from someone called Jen and the second one Betty.

The first email reads ""Hi,(my name), where are you?""

The second one reads 

""Hello (my name), It is Betty,

I'm so bored, let's chat!""

**I am so sure something is wrong at CMB's end because I used a fake name for my account back then and these emails addressed me using that name. Obviously I haven't registered anything else other than CMB with this name using this email address.**

Edit Dec2020: I still occasionally receive similar spam emails. Considering deleting the email account."
coffeemeetsbagel,Terrible support: Unapproved use of pics A friend of mine has had a rash of unsolicited dick pics sent her way because someone put up a profile with her images and her phone number. No one in support at CoffeeMeetsBagel is responding to any of her numerous attempts at contact. Is there anyone here actually affiliated with CMB that can assist?
coffeemeetsbagel,Gender Preferences Do the people on the discover section share the same gender preferences as you?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys: do you take some time to formulate good responses? Hey guys, 

Just wanted to gather more opinions since I don't quite understand how guys brains work on a dating app where you never met in person before and can't get a sense of what they are thinking. 

A guy I matched with takes a few hours (kind of ranges, initially started off maybe only once a day he seemed to only check at a certain time; then as we talked a bit more he's starting to respond faster so maybe from 12 hours to like 3-6 hours response back). His responses are always good, like willing to talk and filled with emojis and hahas. I got the free subscriber trial (I'm female so I normally wouldn't even consider paying and don't see a need to) but now I get the advantage of seeing whether he read the message or not. So i noticed that he's been reading my messages, generally fairly quickly (obv depends on the time of the day) but then he takes hours to respond back. Guys: do you take time to think of a good response?? I noticed that happens with another guy I matched with too and he's more clearly interested in talking to me but yet again, always reads and then another 30 mins-2 hours responds back. Please advise."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are you looked at less favorably in the algorithm if you like every single person under ""Suggested"" ? Has anyone tested this?

 

Currently I usually like the pics/bios about 2/3 of the girls on the suggested list 

However,  I do wonder if I should not hit like even those 2/3 just in case the  algorithm penalizes for liking that many people. I dunno... hm..."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do inactive accounts still pop up in searches? Hi r/coffeemeetsbagel

I was wondering if it is possible for inactive accounts on CoffeeMeetsBagel appear during your searches? I thought that inactive accounts only appear at the very end of searches."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Online Dating and Race So I've been online now for more than 2 years, and I've read different articles about non-white men participating in online dating. All of the articles state that more than 90% of the time non-white men are not selected by other races or in some cases even their own race. Of the women that I know of my own race, 50% of them are either married to a white guy or dating one. Most of them being married and have children. I counted them and these were the statistics that I came up with, no joke. Only 1 guy I know who is of my race is married to a white woman, and he is 6'3"". I am not black, I am not Hispanic, I am not East Asian, I am not religious whatsoever. I am relatively educated, have a good job, used to have a condo, have a car, etc. I am a little shorter than average but not fat at all. I have a dog, I like football and other sports, I am a so called all-American guy, less my tanned skin, average looking guy. But when it comes to online dating, over the past 2 years 0.0% of women outside of my race have Liked me, although Ive Liked hundreds of them and my own race. I have found it a bit easier to talk to women outside of online at parks, other places, etc. But that's like a needle in a haystack. I do not believe in   contemporary theories like ""white priviledge"", however, I can say with certainty that if I was white, I bet a million bucks I'd be on my way to being married right now. And as I stand here typing Ive seen 2 Asian women white guy couples walk by. I know this post is cliche. But what seems to be the problem? It appears this way, women would go out with a deadbeat rather than be seen with a non-white guy. 

Should apps like CMB rid themselves of racial and religious preferences and give 50 bagels a day?


I'll sit back and wait for the interesting comments."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do you even log in? Tried to sign up last night and clicked 'Sign up with Facebook'; immediately get taken to a 404 page, but do get the Facebook app notification, so it seems everything should be in order.  


Received an introductory e-mail overnight with the usual links to edit your profile information etc; clicking on them just takes me to landing page, where I'm only faced with a register button, and of course 'Sign up with Facebook' just takes me to a 404 page still.  


I'm baffled. How is this supposed to work? Why is this so difficult?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"My two cents...  

In a nutshell: I wanted to RAVE about this awesome guy that I matched with on the app. Then I was like, wait, I’ll just write a REVIEW b/c ppl are always saying that this app is a crock a hooey.  Then I got ghosted by this mofo and now I have a little RANT to sprinkle on top of everything else….

First 48 hours: amazing—vibes on vibes on vibes.  

Day 5: Totally disconnecting. This is about the time that I didn’t enthusiastically support us meeting up that Friday night (pardon me and my pandemic paranoias).This is where I felt the momentum shift. Saturday was weird and quiet...I think we exchanged some gifs which were like the virtual equivalent of weather talk on the bus (bantering at it’s worse). Definitely didn’t see him taking the f\*\*kboy route and just like never texting or calling me ever again. Like wtf?? This dude is supposed to be 38 years old. There was no bad energy between us. Quite frankly I wasn’t interested in being his rebound chick ANYWAYS, so I was kind of hoping for an “out”….but ya know...an “out” with some sort of “in”...cause this dude is yummy...so maybe like a ‘pause’. Like I wanted to ‘save my game’ so I could return to where I left off but he was like ‘nope-game over’.

So even if he wanted nothing to do with me (which is fine-I’m grown-I’ll survive), I still expected to ‘part ways’ of some sort. Now I can’t even use him as ‘that’ figment of my imagination when I’m self pleasuring because I gotta file him away in my mind as THAT ass who ghosted me. His image has negative connotations. Grrr. Who can climax with that. What’s up with not providing a lady with a little clarity? Even I send a few carefully arranged emojis before I unmatch a guy. Sometimes it’s the peace sign and the upside down smiley face. Maybe even a thumbs down and 1-3 poop emojis. I thought the guys on here were supposed to be classier. So much for bagels. They are more like pop tarts. I’m the coffee right?

Day 7: By the time the chat was to expire it was clear we weren’t as in tune w/one another. Me not knowing entirely wtf was up and giving dude his space to ‘do him’ that weekend, went ahead and extended the chat another 3 days. At this point I’m not sure what the nature of the disconnect is but since he’s all yummy n shit I’m like, what’s a few hundred beans and a little embarrassment (should he be passively waiting for the chat to expire).

Day 10: Chat is set to expire again. By now I’m like “whatever-this guy can kick rocks”. So naturally... I extend the chat again. Cause Brain/Bod=yummy. And just in case this yum mofo is super preoccupied (vs flat out not into me….60/40?) I didnt want to NOT extend it….ya know...in case I still had a shot w/ McYummy. The next day he goes all Casper on me. But for 29 extra days I get to test my will power in not looking at all the updates to his profile. Thank you CMB I didn’t even have to pay for the beans.   

I personally don’t understand what all the complaining is about. I realize that it is a different experience for the men on here but I don’t think the women necessarily have more benefits. I remember when this thing got pitched on Shark Tank. It’s definitely not an immediate gratification type dating app. Think slow boat to Ch---nevermind. Nonetheless eventually you arrive. It sometimes feels like a more ‘wholesome’ environment to meet a match. As if this is where all the nice guys and gals go. The kind of app you’re not afraid to tell co-workers you’re on...if they’ve heard of it. I wouldn’t make it my ‘main-app’ though. I think it works best as a side piece. That way you don’t have to invest in beans. You check in a few times a month. Tap a few hearts. Tap a bunch more X’s."
coffeemeetsbagel,Why is unmatch only under the report option? I want to unmatch with a woman I was talking with. She didn't do or say anything inappropriate but the conversation just sort of fizzled out and I want to clear those matches out. The only place where I see this option is under report. I'm not trying get her in trouble or get her account flagged. Why isn't there just a simple unmatch option?
coffeemeetsbagel,"question about suggested (aka people you get shown daily) hi would anyone happen to know if you would get shown people who wont see you? 

e.g. if my preferences are set to 20-30 and im 25 will i get shown people who are 20-30 years of age but have not included me into their preferences (i.e. if theres this person X whos 22 but has his preferences set as 20-24 will i see person X and vice versa)?

sorry if my phrasing is bad but its hard to describe this idea so yeah used an arbitrary example"
coffeemeetsbagel,"scammer Alert - Australia Recently I met a scammer from CMB Australia, who claims to be handsome ( use other people's images), successful ( show me how many bitcoins he has) and responsible ( he said he was looking for a relationship right in the beginning ).

He kept talking about how successful and how knowledgeable he is about cryptocurrency. He tried to convince me to invest with him and deposit fund to a platform called [YAOUBTT.COM/.NET](https://yaoubtt.com/.NET). I sensed it is a huge red flag and did my own research and read reviews from Trustpilot and Reddit. There are other scamming websites as well, Yaoubtt is just an example. Rule of Thumb: asking you for money? Block them!

Apparently they all claim to be living in HK/ or some big cities in Asia and have been investing for many years. I believe they are from HK as well. Long story short, they all sound too good to be true.

I think scammers have their own way of explaining/finding excuses, let's just be alert and be aware of those people

1. he is using a UK number instead of an Australian mobile number
2. he asked your mobile and added you on WhatsApp straightaway. ( I didn't think it was an issue in the beginning because I think WhatsApp is easier to chat ) 
3. their profile pic is never to be ""HIMSELF"" as he /she is using the same number talking to others pretending to be someone else at the same time
4. He/She has a sad story
5. He/She really know how to talk to you and makes your heart melt. I guess we should really learn from them 
6. He/she can be knowledgeable in some area, the guy I was talking to is knowledgeable about cryptocurrency. Now I am quite interested after 2 weeks and would like to know more about it :)

Lessons learnt

\- don't get into the illusion of ""love"" from online dating too soon, you gotta meet he/she first

\- don't let money be involved in online dating / maybe off-line dating as well. if they ask you for money, something is wrong...red flag, don't find excuses for them because He/she is good looking and attractive. you could be talking to a pig :P

\- we need to know our true value and identity, we don't need another person to make us feel good :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,My account is flagged for no reason! anyone experienced it too? It said my account is flagged yesterday and I sent out the photo with me holding up 3 fingers but no reply.. Anyone think I could get back my account?😣 feeling so disappointed with this app!
coffeemeetsbagel,"Quick Question About What Happens When You Delete a Chat in CMB App I have a quick question about what happens when I delete a chat on the CMB app. I usually end up deleting conversations when a girl doesn't respond back for a couple of days and I realize that I've been ghosted/flaked on. I like CMB a lot, but the annoying part about the app is it sends a lot of automated notifications about chat rooms that I don't like seeing, so I just delete it to avoid that nuisance.

Does this send a notification to the girl that ""blackgold12 has left the room""? The reason I ask is I recently accidentally liked someone who wasn't someone I was interested in. She sent a message, and being the immature person I am, I ignored it instead of sending a message telling her I wasn't interested. Well, I think she deleted my chat, similar to what I normally do, and I got a notification that ""XX has left the room"".

I was wondering if girls get the same notification or do I just randomly disappear from their chats list when I delete the conversation? Just curious because I may start waiting till the room expires before deleting now. It's not a huge deal, but it makes me look sort of petty if they get a notification that I left while the conversation is still live."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liked profile shows up again in Discover Hey guys, M35 here. I recently liked a profile on Discover (spent 385 beans) &amp; then a week later, the same profile shows up again. I of course liked the profile again, spending more beans.

What does this mean? Did she miss my profile the first time so her profile has cycled around again? Or is this another CMB ploy to get you to spend more beans?

On a side note, here's my progress since signing up a month ago; bought 3000 beans, sent abt 5 likes so far on Discover, none have returned my likes. Two women who liked me (&amp; I've liked back to start a chat) have ghosted after 2 text messages. Edit: Just gotta keep trying I guess."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Where does the Like show when a guy likes a girl through Search? I'm curious to know from a girl's perspective. If a guy likes you through the search feature and not through the Suggested or Discover tab, what happens:

1. Does it show up right away or does it only show the new like the next day at noon?
2. When the like does show up, what tab does it up in?...Likes You?...Discovery?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"both liked but not matched/connected I've been having this problem for the past week now, when I ""like"" someone in my ""Liked"" tab the app doesn't connect us or start a chat group for us. The person just disappears. Has anyone had this issue before and how was it resolved?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"does anyone have this experience where you rematch with previous matches months ago? like you match/like each other and then CMB reopens the chat - i mean none of us have unmatched each other previously? just curious how does that work

&amp;#x200B;

i just dont understand, say you and her/him matched and you started a conversation then if the chat got expired and none of you unmatched each other how would either one of you are able to like each other again? does cmb recycle bagels of something?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Soooo, CMB think I'm into castles now... :p &amp;#x200B;

https://preview.redd.it/5vhkrkpww3451.jpg?width=1440&amp;format=pjpg&amp;auto=webp&amp;s=0ebf07e8ffdaa7725da5b931c32b782a0705d413"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What's with women ""leaving the chat"" as soon as they ""like"" me back? This has happened \*multiple\* times. I'd venture to say it's happened to me more times than someone's actually liked me back and we've started talking. I've had pretty bad luck in online dating in general and this kind of thing is so demoralizing. Most recently, I'd liked a girl and sent her a message with a book recommendation (she'd mentioned in her profile that she's always on the lookout for new books to read and asked for recommendations), figured that'd be a good ice breaker. A few days later I was excited to see she'd liked me back, but I went into the chatroom and it was just:

12:09: \[Girl's name\] liked you back!

12:09: \[my message I'd sent with my like\]

12:09: \[Girl's name\] has left the chat room

&amp;#x200B;

This happens I swear like 75 percent of the time I get a match. I know people reading this now know nothing about me so will probably assume the worst about me, but I swear I've got a good profile that I think represents me pretty well and makes me come across as pretty likeable, and I think I'm a moderately attractive, not overweight guy, and my messages are \*never\* creepy or sexual in any way. Maybe just need better pictures, who knows.

But, this isn't a profile review; I'm just wondering if many other guys have experienced this, or if any women do this and for what reason?

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT -- Also weird: the chat room says ""This chat room will be active for 7 days. (Until noon on 06/07/2020)."" That's the date of the day she liked me though! Does it always say the date she left the chat there, if she leaves before the conversation should actually expire?

EDIT 2 -- If by some chance that girl is on here (I recommended Jonathan Strange and Mr. Norrell as a book suggestion) and *didn't* do this on purpose yesterday, feel free to send me a message, lol!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I give my first kiss to someone a CMB date who is not and will not be my boyfriend? TL;DR: Should I give the CMB guy who only wants to make out and does NOT want a serious relationship my first kiss? Will my future boyfriend think I'm too ""casual""?

Please refer to my previous post about this guy I met on CMB who dated me 10+ times on-day and failed because I was occupied/not feeling ready: [https://www.reddit.com/r/coffeemeetsbagel/comments/giclse/after\_not\_texting\_for\_a\_week\_should\_i\_find\_him/](https://www.reddit.com/r/coffeemeetsbagel/comments/giclse/after_not_texting_for_a_week_should_i_find_him/)

Thank you for all the comments on my previous post. I have taken up the courage to ask him out because I don't want him to be mistaken that I'm not interested by rejecting his proposed dates for 10+ times.

Short summary of previous post: I met this guy on CMB and we chatted for about 2 months. During this period, he has asked me on dates for roughly 15 times. I know. It's a lot. But he only asked ON-DAY (only one date which was fixed about 3 days before). He simply couldn't expect me to be free all the time and immediately available, right? Plus my busy 6-day working schedule. I only have one day-off to dress nicer to meet him. So we never had our first date. He went cold after I rejected him for the 14th time. More details on the post I've linked above.

Last Sunday, I had dinner plan with my friend but I was out shopping (no COVID lockdowns/quarantines in my town because of little to no local cases). About 2 hours before I met my friend, I casually texted him ""What are your plans for today?"" He said ""Nothing much"" and he was near the area where the seafront was (where he suggested going on dates before). I was trying out clothes in the fitting room so I didn't reply immediately. 20 minutes later, he texted me if I would like to come over to meet him.

I said ""Sure haha"", ""but it takes about 45 minutes for me to come, would you be in a rush?"". He said ""it's all fine"". I went to re-apply my makeup. I was really ready to meet him, but then when I looked at the mirror, my dry skin flaked so much. I couldn't fix it with my makeup. I really did not want to meet him with this dry skin. So about 15 minutes later, I said I could not come because of the dry skin problem (yes I'm honest like that) and if it's okay to meet on Friday night (because I'm occupied from Mon-Thurs). He told me not to worry about the dry skin, ""Friday's not good"", ""Let's meet now"". I insisted and said sorry I really couldn't come and I want to see him in my best condition. Then he got annoyed and said forget it and he's used to all this. He said I have excuses every time. I apologised and said I wanted to meet him too. But I've got dinner plan with my friend later anyway. Let's meet later. He said ""never mind"", ""then maybe we're probably not gonna meet"". I was standing outside the shop, shocked. I didn't expect him to reply like this. I just sent him those crying stickers and said sorry. He then said ""bye"". And that's it.

I texted him that night at around 11pm because I wanted it to be fixed and not let the problem sit there overnight. I said ""Are you still angry?"" Then he replied the next day afternoon, PLOT TWIST ALERT! He said he's not angry but ""let's forget it"", ""I'm not the right guy for you"", ""If we meet and I want to hug and kiss, you won't accept this."" I was so SHOCKED. I did imagine making out with him when we meet but I don't expect him to be so explicit. He knows that I am a relationship virgin btw, so maybe that's why he thinks I can't take that.

I replied him ""I think it all comes very naturally."", ""If I feel like it I think it's okay."", and asked him if he hugged and kissed all the girls he met on first dates. He said he didn't date a lot of girls but most of them would do so. I was really so stunned. Then I asked him if they were together afterwards. He said they didn't so I won't like it. I then asked him ""Why? Because you don't feel the connection?"" He said maybe, and asked me if I could send him more photos. I did not respond to his photo request and asked him if he was looking for a girlfriend. He didn't answer directly but half-admitted by saying ""that's why I said I'm not right haha"". Then I replied ""let's forget it then"". He said ""Okay"".

So we didn't text ever since. I was wondering if I should ask him out and ""hug and kiss"" with him as he wished? Actually I did have some sexual fantasy about him so I did imagine hugging and kissing him way before he told me it was his usual practice. I know he was not a good boyfriend material so I don't like him that way now. I don't want to have a serious relationship with him but I am thinking if I should ""practise"" kissing someone? So I won't be another year older to have my first kiss? I know this is stupid but I want to do this... am I stupid?

&amp;#x200B;

Things that bother me and make me indecisive:

\- Would he still accept going on ""date"" with me if I asked him so? (given my flakey record and unavailability, I'm afraid of rejections...)

\- Would my future boyfriend mind that my first kiss was not even given to a boyfriend, but a random guy who only wants to make out? (I know I can lie about it, but I don't want to)

\- Would he want MORE than ""hug and kiss""? I am only ready for hug and kiss...

\- Would he ""blackmail"" me by secretly taking photos/asking sb to take photos of us kissing? or showing our messages (my invitation messages) to people? (my imaginations are so wild)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB is a Paying Service Pretending to be Free I really get the impression that CMB is free only in theory, but in practice it's very much a paid dating service. The first 3 weeks that I joined, I got several free beans, I was getting 3 matches per day, and in a typical week I would get at least a couple phone numbers after exchanging messages. In other words it was not great but it was decent enough, I was getting at least a bit of positive results. But ever since then, I get almost zero matches and zero messages. I did deactivate my profile once, then reactivated it once. Ever since then, no positive results whatsoever.

I live in a large and major American city, and I am still getting 30 Suggested matches every day! The problem is that zero of them are Matching with me, and zero of them are responding to any message or anything. How come at the very beginning I was getting a couple Matches daily, and was exchanging at least a few messages with matches every week, enough for them to give me their phone number... but now, ever since I reactivated my profile, the service is completely dead. My profile and my photos are the same, why did they work before but now they don't even get one single match after waiting 2 weeks?

I'm not blind or stupid, it's very obvious that CMB shows a lot of attractive people in the Discovery List, but if you want to message them or contact them or Like them, you have to pay money to purchase Beans. I am seriously considering just deleting my profile and the app. I also feel like a lot of the profiles on CMB are from people who only log in maybe a couple times per month, so even if you Like them or message them politely, they might not even see the message for weeks after you sent it.

Sorry for the rant but at the very beginning CMB seemed promising. Ever since then, it's just totally dead for me. Do you think I am right to conclude that this might by design, and if I pay money to buy Beans or a Membership, things will turn positive again?  I'm on Okcupid and with a very similar profile and the exact same photos, I am getting 2 or 3 messages every day. On CMB I have not had one single Match in over 2 weeks of logging in daily."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys: Do You Think the Discover Profiles are Legit? I'm sure I'm not the only guy on CMB who has noticed that the Discovery Section has a lot of profiles of women who look almost perfect, 9's or perfect 10's, and you can't even message them or Like them without spending 385 beans for each one. I hope this isn't too controversial to say on here, but does anyone else on here think it doesn't really make any sense?

I am looking at today's Discovery section on CMB, and literally half the women on there could easily work as models if they want to. I am looking at one woman who has perfect hair, perfect skin, her smile is amazing, her body is fit and has curves in all the right places, plus her profile says she is an attorney with a degree from Harvard Law.  I'm looking at a different profile with a blonde who looks damn near STUNNING and is an engineer and sounds quite smart and GORGEOUS.  No offense, but why would these women even be on CMB?  I am willing to bet that every time they go to the supermarket or take a walk outside, half a dozen guys ask for their numbers. They look so good that they could easily get almost any single guy they wanted. So why on earth would  they go and join an online dating app where they are guaranteed to get a ton of messages and a ton of likes?  It just doesn't make sense to me that these almost-super models would be on there, and of course CMB doesn't let you contact them unless you pay. Even then, I doubt they would ever respond unless you look like Bradley Cooper or The Rock."
coffeemeetsbagel,"hows your experience before vs during covid19 for me the app is pretty much dead, previously i got many matches in a week, now its like 0 per week, but i can totally understand why, just curious about your experiences. "
coffeemeetsbagel,PSA: Service Disruptions Attention: Service Disruptions. We are currently experiencing an app outage and working to fix it as quickly! We apologize for any inconvenience. Follow our progress here: [https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com](https://status.coffeemeetsbagel.com)
coffeemeetsbagel,how to undo a passed bagel? is there anyway like will they be discover or recycle back again? [CoffeeMeetsBagelCS](https://www.reddit.com/user/CoffeeMeetsBagelCS/) can you let me know?
coffeemeetsbagel,"whats the longest distance you would go out for a date? If you are in a rural or big state where you drive a lot....but in terms of context, you are looking for a relationship."
coffeemeetsbagel,"people in the ""like you"" tab i am assyming those are from your suggested tab correct and if you dont like or pass a person in the suggested tab, can you see him/her in the likes you tab?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable to login I’ve had this app for almost one year. never had any issues. all of a sudden last week, it logged me out. when I tried logging in again (using my Facebook account), it says “sorry, we weren’t able to verify your account. Please try again.”

I tried deleting the app and re-installing it. that didn’t help. I also tried logging in my with cell phone number, but that actually makes the problem worse, because it creates a brand new account. I just need access to my chats because I was literally in conversation with someone this week, when this suddenly happened.

someone else posted this similar issue a year ago, but the thread is archived now. I tried emailing CMB one week ago, but they haven’t replied."
coffeemeetsbagel,what happens if I put on hold (and reactivate) multiple times - would this lower my rank or visibility? any comments will be appreciated. csoffical - fell free to give your thoughts too!
coffeemeetsbagel,"The Most Disingenuous Dating App While all dating apps work on a for profit model, Coffee Meets Bagel is by far the worst when it comes to “cornering” users into paying for add-ons, premium, etc.

The majority of ppl whom you’re remotely attracted (in any sense of word) to are in Discovery, which you need beans to spend to like. You can’t message them at first either, so that reduces your chances &amp; keeps you in a loop of repeating said process. The algorithm does wonders when separating the most desired (Discovery) users to the lesser ones (Suggested)

If by chance you meet someone you like in Suggested, you probably need to send flowers(money/beans) to jump the line or wait 10 days &amp; hope they aren’t flooded with messages to notice you. 

I even asked customer support about what happens to your daily likes if you don’t check in every day, &amp; I got a round about answer that made me think they were avoiding the question.

At least Tinder doesn’t pretend to be anything but superficial. My 2 cents."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Messages gone? The app has been really buggy for last 6 months. Notification only works when opening app, and sometimes matched profile just disappears. Usually that is fixed by deleting and reinstalling the app. It happened again today and I had a good thing going with this one match and it is just gone all of sudden. I tried deleting and reinstalling but its still not there!! Is there anyway to get the message back? If she left the chat, it will still show but the message is just gone from the chat menu. If I contact CMB CS, will they be able to retrieve?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"No Response From Matches I recently (last week) joined CMB and none of my matches have initiated any kind of conversation, and no one is responding to the ones I have initiated. This erks me so much because if you are busy/don't want to date during COVID, I totally get it, but then why match with me? I'm new, so it can't be an old match, these people must have liked me within the last week, so why no convo after? What is even the point of matching then? 28F (incase that is relevant)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Curated List of Online Dating Guide Surveys, Studies, Ted Talks, Podcasts and More I put this list together of pieces I found interesting and useful. Thought some of you might find it helpful.

https://eddie-hernandez.com/online-dating-resource-guide/"
coffeemeetsbagel,"“Likes You” Not Loading I recently got an update indicating that someone liked me on CMB, but when I open the “Likes You” page, the app can not load the page. It just shows an indefinitely long loading image, but never actually loads anything. I’ve tried closing and reopening the app, restarting my phone, switching off Wi-Fi, and deleting and reinstalling the app with no luck. Any suggestions?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"New to CMB — confused about people in Discovery CMB has been a little confusing so far. 

I have bagels offered to me in the Suggested section at noon. This seems to be a handful of people who have already ""liked"" me. 

At the same time there would be a few profiles in Discovery where I am given the option to reach out and send a message immediately without paying beans, yet not ""like"" them. Are these people in Discovery people who have already ""liked"" me, and why do they show up in Discovery instead of Suggested? 

I thought it might mean they have paid beans to ""like"" me in Discovery but today I also received flowers from people who turned up under Suggested, confusing me even more. 

Any clarification would be appreciated!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are the bagels in my ""suggested"" the daily bagels I receive (I'm a girl)? Have they already liked me, or is that only the people in the ""liked you"" category? I have started using this app pretty recently and am finding it a little confusing. My main question is the one in the title: Have the bagels showing up in my suggested already liked me or not? I am confused about the difference between, say, that, and the category at the bottom of the app that's called, ""Liked You."" Thanks, any info would be great!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does CMB ever extend the chat for you? I just got a notification that my chat was extended. I am sure that I did not extend the chat. In the messages to the specific person, it says that the chat has been extended for 3 days and that it is only visible to me. Is there any possibility that CMB extended it for us?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What happens to likes if you don’t check in daily? I’m sure this has been asked before, but what happens to your daily likes (people who have liked you) if you don’t check in every day? Are they recycled for next time you log in or forever lost?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile info missing? Is anybody noticing that some expired matches profiles have disappeared? You can only see pictures and demographics but no prompts, where before they clearly had prompts. While others (also expired) have their prompt info there. Is it possible that have the people went and deleted their prompts or does this mean they are inactive?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"When you liked someone's profile on Discover does it disappear from Discover forever Hey guys, male 35 here. Joined CMB 6 months ago but just created a profile recently to pursue a girl who's been on my Discover page for more than a month (who's always active within 72 hrs).

So I sent a ""Like"" to her, her profile was stamped ""LIKED"" but after resetting my filters on Discover her profile has disappeared. It's been 3 days &amp; she hasn't appeared on Discover again.

Does liking a girl on Discover removes her profile from there forever? Is it safe to assume I've been either blocked or passed on? Just putting it out here for any advice or wisdom you can offer. Read up a lot abt CMB features &amp; I'm still very confused with how this app works. Thanks in advance :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile help? (M25) I'm new to online dating, so I'd like some help with my dating profile. 

So far I've got:

I am...

A bit nerdy and am down to experience new things.

I like...

Movies, video games, tabletop RPGs, anime, and satisfying my curiosity. I'm down to talk about academic or big issues.

I appreciate when my date...

Has a broad sense of humor and drive for self improvement. But frankly, as long as she is herself and honest.

Thanks in advance!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Dating younger men What's it like to be a poor woman dating a wealthy guy?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Coffee Talk events - what are they like? And are they worth it? I see two for the NYC area - one is a Mexican cooking class, and the other is a musical performance. Has anyone been to one? What are they like? Have you been able to vibe with anyone there?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Chat just disappeared - am I blocked? I was having a chat with someone I matched with. We had only exchanged a couple of messages each starting yesterday but then today the conversation is gone. What happened? Did the person decide they weren't interested but went the whole 9 yards and blocked me?
coffeemeetsbagel,CMB help centre is pinned but also blocked and archived Please either unpin it and start a new one or let people post questions.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Account blocked without reason? hi... I just came on board CMB but prolly cos I login and logout of my account too many times unintentionally, my account number is temporarily blocked. I read somewhere on this platform that it takes 24 hours for the system to reset, but it's been 26 hours and counting already. I'm really excited in chatting with this guy that I've been matched with. I also understand that backend has to deal with many enquiries, but I'm too anxious / excited not to let this one go. Please reinstate my account asap at least before the 7 days, I don't want a missed encounter with him, and especially when I'm only 3 days into the app. I've been emailing multiple messages to CS for a quicker reply, but they have yet to get back to me. 

How long does the backend usually take to reply enquires?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do I use beans to unlock more Suggested? It would give me the option to do it when I didn’t have the beans. Now that I do have the beans, it’s not giving me the option."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question on preference and suggestions in cmb If I set a certain ethnicity as my preference, does cmb show suggestions based on their ethnicity preferences?

So for example, I am a Martian and have set Earthling as my preference, does cmb show Earthlings in daily suggestions that are interested in Martians? Or cmb just feed any Earthlings and my likes go wated?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does my location stay the same for people I have liked while in that location? Sorry about the misleading title. But thanks for your help in advance!

I recently moved back home after finishing up my semester. I have been using CMB exclusively in that location and have had matches with several people. Now that I’m back home, I want to switch my location to this address so I can meet people in my area.

However, what happens to those people who I have liked while I was in school? Will they see the location that I had when I liked them or will they see my new location when I appear on their suggested bagels?

I know it might be deceiving to pretend that I’m still at the old location, but I will eventually be back, and want them to know that that is one of my frequent locations (and probably permanent after I graduate)."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Bagels with “travel” as their only hobby/obsession... I’m getting tired of this dating profile cliché. I see it all the time. It’s either the only hobby listed on their profile or their main obsession.

Yes, I get that travel is fun, but it doesn’t offer a good snapshot of the person and how they spend the majority of their time. Who you are on a weeklong vacation and who you are the other 51 weeks of the year, are quite different. I’m iffy when their profile and photos are all centred around a backpacking trip they went on years ago, or their yearly vacation to the Bahamas."
coffeemeetsbagel,"paid sub what's wrong with the app? Paid sub says $20/mo for 6 months, $25/mo for 3 mo, or $35/mo for 1 month. When I click on either, it'll say regular price instead of the discounted price."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I'm a lot more interested in my Discover bagels than Suggested. Am I just unwanted? Supposedly your Suggested bagels should match your preference (I don't even know where they get that from), but my Discover bagels seem to match my preference a lot more. 

Is this just CMB's way of getting me to pay $$$? Am I just unwanted? So I get matched with other people that are similar? Maybe both? 

:/"
coffeemeetsbagel,"has anyone paid for premium and whats your experience? i mean $35 a month is kinda $$$ for me but considering..., let me know your experience i am 24f in a large city."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How are matches supposed to work? So I've been trying out the app for around a week now, got a few likes and matches which was interesting, however I've not really had any messages back. One match got two messages in before going MIA, none of the others managed to write a single word. It all seemed eerily familiar...

Then I realized that this app doesn't provide a clear, easy way to directly ""unmatch"" someone, unlike, say, Tinder. So there is effectively no way to distinguish between someone who's just busy but may actually want to get to know you, and someone that just hit like out of curiosity/validation/boredom who has mentally already unmatched you. This fact *significantly* changes how app cues should be perceived.

Am I missing something? Is this really the intended usage pattern, because from what I can tell this both encourages ghosting and makes the majority of matches completely meaningless UI clutter."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Only 1 suggested bagel each day!? I've just returned to this app after a long hiatus. (I did deactivate my account.) I used to get at least 5-6 suggested everyday, but recently I've been getting only 1 suggested daily. I've had a friend check my profile and she commented that it is attractive. My preferences aren't that narrow and I live in a densely populated metropolitan city. Anyone encountering the same issue? Or has the app's popularity gone downhill that much?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to unblock my phone number and log into my account? My accounts have been logged out automatically and couldnt log in back to the accounts using my phone number, which has been temporarily blocked by the system. I have created another account yesterday using another phone number which led to the same problem. How could I log into the suddenly unapproved accounts or delete them permanently without logging into the account successfully? I have sent a few emails to the email address provided in your app and tried all the steps suggested by your website. Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,Deleting my account What happens when I delete my account with CMB? Does my profile and chat history disappear from the other person's history if we have matched before?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Accidentally created another profile Hello guys and girls😊, need a little hand here. I'm new to CMB and accidentally logged out of the acc. When I try to log in again , I opted for mobile code (in the first place I used FB to log in) so I have now accidentally created another profile. But I had a couple of chats in my old profile which I can no longer access. What do I do??? Please help...😟"
coffeemeetsbagel,"After not texting for a week, should I find him after we both kinda flaked on our first date? TL;DR: Should I initiate our convo after we both kinda flaked on our first date and not texted for a week now?

I am 23, he is 27. We met on CMB and texted for over a month. He asked me out **LAST MINUTE(!)** for like **10+** times but I was either too busy, too lazy or feeling ugly so I rejected them all. (I really prefer dates planned at least a day ahead rather than impromptu ones) He asked me to propose a date so I picked Saturday and he agreed. (P.S. I just got a soul-sucking job that required working 6 days/week so I took a Saturday leave for our ""first date"". He didn't know about my pathetic work schedule though. He only knew I got a new job.)

No text during the day on Friday so I assumed the date was off :'(

On **Friday 11pm**, he texted me asking me where I wanna go tmr, and I replied ""You decide :p"" and asked him when he was available. He said he was available **in the afternoon**. A few mins later, he asked me if I would like to go for **lunch** or **dinner**. (So I assumed he was available **BOTH** in the **afternoon** and at **night** right??)

I only have a sad lil weekly day-off so I planned to squeeze my social (distancing) activities in one day - meet my friend **in the afternoon** and meet him **in the evening**. I replied to him **THE NEXT DAY 10am**(*did I reply too late?*) that I am available at 6pm. An hour later he said he couldn't make it if it's tonight... so I replied ""Oh okay then...""

TBH I was pretty pissed because I took my leave **FOR HIM**. I thought he was available **BOTH** in the **afternoon** and at **night.** Did he suddenly have a date with an unknown girl?! :(

Later that night he asked me what I did today and I replied hanging out with friend and trying out a restaurant. I asked him back and he said he went to an island nearby with his high school friend. He sent me a photo of him putting his hands in his pockets (*okay he's pretty muscular*) at the beach with blue sky, the kind of photo that's pretty *Insta*. He asked me if the food was nice.

And here we go, I replied ""Really nice weather lol"" and ""Very yummy :p"" *(Did I make a mistake not complimenting him? I actually did. I whispered* ***so muscular*** *when I saw it... Though now thinking about it, I would also feel sad if I sent a guy my photo and he only commented on the background.)*

He only replied to my ""Very yummy"" message with a thumbs-up cute pug sticker **the next morning**, and THAT'S IT.

THAT'S IT.

He used to text me good morning and goodnight, asked me about my day EVERYDAY. He would double text me if I haven't replied for long. I expected he would text me later but no... NOTHING. So I really put up my A-game, 2 days later I replied to the sticker with ""So cute"". And...

He did not reply.

Now one week has passed, should I text him? It would really bruise my ego (even more) if he doesn't reply/reply unenthusiastically.

P.S. I am a relationship virgin as if you couldn't tell already.. I really thought we had a chance and I could finally get into a relationship like EVER.

UPDATE: I know not meeting up is the best during this time, but in my country the number of local cases is 0 for quite a number of days, and we both still have to go to work at office everyday so I think it is acceptable if we BOTH wear masks when we meet.

UPDATE 2: I messaged him and he responded. But he sounds less warm than he used to... maybe he has met other girl(s) in these roughly 10 days. No date is mentioned yet... because I'm not even sure if he is interested to see me now. "
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover Tab broken? I have a few beans and I don’t spend it unless I see someone I am thoroughly interested in. 

So I come across someone attractive, loves dogs, and fit every single filter of mine. Clicked ‘Like’, asked me to spend 300 or so beans, I click. And Bam.

Error message, “Action failed. Beans were not subtracted.” Odd. So I tested to see if the whole section is busted. I liked two random girls l, but still within my taste, and it worked. 

What gives? The only thing I noticed was that she was not active within 72 hours. And I just feel kind cheated out of my beans because as a guy, I don’t think we get that many. 

Anyone else have this problem?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"F28 with only three matches in a month I’m aware I am not a super attractive female, but I can’t seem to get matches on here at all. Maybe my preferences are too specific (agnostic in the Bible Belt), but I also haven’t seen any “already likes you” profiles in discover in weeks. I don’t know if it’s me or the app at this point."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Has anyone received this from CMB in a chat: [Name] told us she’s open to trying a date with you. Virtual dates may sound unusual at first. But with in-person dates on pause, now’s a great time to try something new together...” Has anyone received the above? I got this only in one single chat so far, and was wondering if it’s a new option for bagels to indicate if they are interested in a “virtual date”?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is everybody getting lots of Suggested bagels right now? Back when I first signed up a few years ago, I got like 6 for the first few days.  That's gone down to 1 about 3 days a week, 0 for the rest of the days.  Maybe 2 for one day every few months.  

The last three days, I've gotten 15, 14, 12.  All fitting criteria, and most I don't ever remember seeing before.

Is everybody sheltering at home suddenly signing up?  Or nobody dating so CmB desperate so they're throwing everything out there?

&amp;#x200B;

Note: I'm a straight male."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Some profiles I've encountered in the past have appeared in my suggestions list again? Hi, what does it mean if you have some profiles appearing in your suggestions page again?

I remembered 'liking' some of them before, but didn't hear from them again, so I assumed they 'passed' on me or simply ignored. There's even a profile that appeared on my suggestions page 3 times in 2 weeks!

Not just for suggestions as well, I also see some of them on my discover page again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Extended Chat Help I matched with a girl and started chatting -things going well. I didn't know the chatroom would expire after a certain amount of days and asked a question in the conversation right before it expired.

I extended the chat but was wondering if she can still message or is it 'my turn' and I will have to explain and get her #?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Fixed amount of likes Hi I'm 26F from Melbourne and just wondering if everyone's 'likes' are the same everyday?

It's been a month now and I realised I'll get 6 likes in suggested and 5 likes in discovery everyday. Is this what others get too? a fixed amount of 'likes' daily? haha"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Busted! As I wrote a few days ago, I've cancelled the renewal of my subscription that is set to expire next month. I also wrote a review in which I cited the scarcity of matches as why I don't think highly of CMB. A few days ago, I received an email asking me to resubscribe. Today I happened to look on CMB only to see a woman I know in real life. We aren't friends, more like acquaintances, who are in a Meetup group together. Since  COVID-19 the group hasn't met in about two months. 

I saw her on CMB and decided to give it a go. I messaged her on Facebook  asking her to go on a date with me after this crazy stuff is over. She told me that she thought she had deleted her profile and that she is still in a relationship. After that slightly awkward conversation I went back to CMB only to see that there were suddenly a lot of matches fitting my demographic preferences (like this woman) who I had not been able to discover before cancelling my subscription. 

My theory is that they ""reactivated"" this woman's account, and many others, not knowing that I actually knew one of them in real life. I think they just showed their whole hand and it isn't good. Scam!!!!!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Do you straight up ask for in person date? For a person who never used any kind of dating apps before, it's hard to understand general culture behind this. 

I've been getting matched many times, but it's always awkward when to ask for in person date. 

How do you guys do it? Just straight up ask on first day after few ice breakers?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"An Honest Question Since All The Apps are Pushing ""Virtual Dates"" Like Crazy. Has Anyone Here Gotten To a Point Where They've Just Said F It and Gone On an Actual Date With Someone? I'm genuinely curious about how people are handling this. I have not dated in about a year and a half and while it's not in my immediate plans, I am starting to consider it more. The question just won't escape me especially with everything I keep seeing following the Twitter and Instagram posts from apps like CMB and Hinge and their push for virtual dates. 

Let's say you are virtual dating right now and have narrowed it down to one person that you're talking to consistently. At some point, based on how strict stay at home orders are where you live and if you're in a low-risk category with no pre-existing conditions, aren't you better off going on an IRL date with that person sooner than later? Why let something drag out months that may seem like it's going great behind a screen but ultimately have no chemistry with them in the real world? 

I feel like this perspective is really nuanced and isn't being tackled well. I am in a city where plenty of coffee shops and restaurants are doing to-go, a few have limited seating capacities that are open, and you can easily grab and go and visit a local park or hiking trail with no problems (In other words, we are not San Francisco or NYC with the highest level of lockdown). Go on a date or two with said person and if you've found someone, great! If not, move on, and maybe give yourself a couple of weeks before you pick up the app again and start talking to someone new. 

What are everyone's thoughts on this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,If they’re in my discover section am I in theirs? I know someone through a friend who just popped up in my discover section and am wondering if that means I’m in his discover section or if I will be later on. Of course maybe I was in his but he didn’t like me LOL
coffeemeetsbagel,"PSA-iOS&amp; Facebook Log-in Issues Around 6:30 PM ET, we noted iOS clients that use Facebook were unable to access CMB. We are waiting on Facebook developers to resolve the issues.  
**TL;DR Facebook authentication for iOS down. Sorry!**"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Need Help! Phantom profile I used coffee meets bagel one year ago.  I now have a girlfriend and deactivated my account.

  Unfortunately, with the pandemic, I am not able to see my girlfriend for the next few weeks.

  My girlfriend was nervous and searched for me on coffee meets bagel.  She says she found my profile on the site and wants to break up with me...

  I downloaded the app and it says that I have a deactivated status.

  Is there anyway that my profile is still up?

  Is my girlfriend crazy?

  Any way to show proof that I am not using it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB wants to see my arm to protect users... So my account was unapproved for some reason, and upon opening the app I was directed to make a new profile, which I then could not access either.  I found in my email a CMB email asking me to "" please reply to this email with a photo of yourself holding up 3 fingers "", which I did.  Now they say that isn't good enough, they need to see my full arm in the shot in order to protect their users.  

I am getting the feeling this is some sort of scam.  They have a lot of my money, now they wont give me anything for it other than an endless stream of photo requests.  

What the hell is this about?  How does seeing an elbow protect users?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Misleading notifications Has anyone experienced a notification of a attractive person on their dailies; only to click on the notification and see its someone completely OPPOSITE.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Female (26) with no likes and matches and after a week I just started CMB a week ago and have 12 suggestions everyday. I had 6 likes in the suggestions the first day, 3 the second day, 1 the third day and none after. I like about 4 of my suggestions everyday and have had 0 matches. Should I stop using the app since it doesn’t seem to be working for me?

Demographic: Singapore (yeah I did hear we’re the pickiest 😅)"
coffeemeetsbagel,Done I cancelled the renewal of my CMB subscription this morning. Once it runs out next month I am not renewing. There are simply not enough matches in my area and I've been ignored by the ones in my area whom I've contacted. So ... it's not worth the money for me.
coffeemeetsbagel,"If you like someone in Discovery, does your profile then appear in their ""Likes You"" section? I would have assumed so. However, I noticed yesterday that there was a profile at the top of my ""Discovery"" that had a ""Liked You"" stamp on it. **If this person liked my profile, then why didn't they appear in the ""Likes You"" section?**

Moreover, if I appear in this person's Discovery section with a ""Liked You"" stamp, do I only stay there for a day? If they don't check their app for a few days, am I gone?

Overall, I'm basically **wondering about the likelihood of this person from Discovery (who I really want to like) actually seeing my profile** and seeing that I liked them. I only get 1 Suggested person each day right now and I basically only have beans left for maybe 2 more Discovery likes...so I wonder if this currency is best saved for another time."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unapproved account Hi team,

I have sent the request of unlocking my account due to unapproved issue (#8302734) but still not yet reply, can CMB team help with the issues? Thanks.

&amp;#x200B;

Regards,

Sam Chan"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unapproved Account Hi,

I'm pretty upset right now. I was flagged for an unapproved account and being a member of CMB since 2013 I had a really good experience with the dating app up until today. I couldn't log into my account and emailed support and they told me that my account was flagged. Flagged for what? I wasn't even told. After looking through my email I was able to find the email that told me my account was ""unapproved."" Really? After 7 years of being on the app my account was ""unapproved""?. Anyway, I follow the instructions to take a photo of myself, with three fingers up and sent it in. It's been more than 6 hours since I've sent in my photo and I haven't gotten a response.

&amp;#x200B;

I really don't understand what happened. Seven years on this app on and off, this is really upsetting and frustrating to deal with. It really isn't a good experience when you can't talk to anyone and find out what really happened."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is there anything beyond giving a ""like"" that you can do for someone in your Discovery feed? I know that yo can scroll through and give someone a like. Is there anything else to increase odds of getting their attention? On Hinge for example, I know you can send a comment / note along with a like. Does CMB have any similar functionality?

Also, in terms of how the process works, does this mean that my profile will appear in this person's ""Likes You"" section?

Thanks in advance! New to the app so apologies for the basic questions!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"flowers? hi! new to this app &amp; sometimes it says this person sent you 3 - 12 flowers, what does that mean?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Premium subscription So I signed up for premium subscription about a week ago, used it for a few hours and deleted the app after. But now I’m back on it, I just wanna ask, does anybody know if the activity report refreshes every 72h from the day I have the premium subscription OR when I last log into the app?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"It's the 20th day since the chat in CMB is broken, still NOTHING has been fix !! What The Hell. It's the 20th day since the chat in CMB is broken, still NOTHING has been fix !! What The Hell CMB... I can't describe how disappointed I am."
coffeemeetsbagel,Like-back = Thank you? Not just about CMB but about online dating in general. Someone told me the other day that a like-back can be more of a thank you than an acceptance of connection. Someone will return my like but never respond. I don't like it.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is it worth signing up for subscription? How do I know there are people who liked me, before subscribing? What if I subscribed and no one liked me, I would have wasted some money.
Also, what is the success rate of a match?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Like vs Chat? There’s an option to chat or like back other bagels at noon. When I click the Chat option, I can automatically start a msg with them. 

When I click “like” back, the app just says “It’s a match!” but the the person doesn’t show up in the chat or anywhere in the app. What’s the point of mutually liking someone back if they’re not going to show in your messages or app...??"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Premium free trial Hello everyone........ I keep seeing a pop-up  for one week free premium trial , I do want to try it but I read on here that another member had clicked on it and he was immediately charged for a full month from day one ( not after a week as the ad said ), is there a glitch ? Should I wait or I can safely try the trial without being charged immediately? Thank you for your time"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why is the ""Chats"" tab so broken/unstable/unusable? 1) Chats sometimes shows up days after. The new messages that come in frequently have timestamps that are hours old, sometimes even days

2) It takes several minutes for me to send out messages. And sometimes messages that appear ""Sent"" will mysteriously disappear when I check on the chat several days later

3) The entire ""Chats"" tab is very laggy/unstable in general. Every single click causes a long delay and makes the app unresponsive

&amp;#x200B;

I have already e-mailed the support, but have not received a reply after more than a week. I have also been constantly sending them feedback in the app these past few days, again no response

From what I can tell, I am not the only user who face these kinds of issues. Some of my matches also told me the app is very unstable

Looking at the review section on the play store, it seems like this has been a persistent problem with the app. Is there no solution to this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,How should I tell the guys I date that I am divorced? Should I tell them while I speak to them on the app or wait till I meet them in person? How do I initiate the subject? Thanks!
coffeemeetsbagel,"Daily beans Is anyone else logging in, claiming your beans and they take over a day to load. Today I should’ve gotten 500 beans but when I hit cool beans my beans only went from 4-9"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why the users in my city so fugly? First day of joining, I was shown photos of 10 good-looking users. Second day of joining, the users suggested, liked me or in discovery turned fuglies, fat and old. To make matters worse, some of the users do not even fall into my preference. I knew I was duped on day 1, luckily I'm not a subscriber. Who would be willing to spend money on these fat old fuglies? From 1-10, I'll give them 1-5 rating to give you an idea how undesirable the users pushed to me are. I'm getting a PTSD using this dating app. I'll bear it for 3 more days. After that, I'm just going to find a match the traditional way, by going out and saying hello in person to attractive people."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Extending Chats Hi,

I matched with someone a couple of weeks ago but didn't message them at the time because I figured I'd get around to it later.  Well, I decided to get back to her today.  However, I don't see any option to extend the chat.  Does this mean she left the chat?  (I don't see any message saying she left the chat)  Every other single match I have that has expired has the option to extend the chat."
coffeemeetsbagel,Scammer I sent a like to this woman last week. it turns out she is not in my state or even in the country. \*eye roll\*
coffeemeetsbagel,"help a confused lady out? recently started using cmb, i read that usually girls only gets guys who already liked them in their suggested. i have 250+ bagels in my queue yet it would only show me one or sometimes no people who liked my profile / day?? instead it asks me to like or pass on the guy's profiles instead? why is that?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question about Preference Setting I'm just wondering to who your profile will be shown?   
A) Users who prefer your type of profile, regardless whether or not they fall into your preference.  
B) Users who only fall into your preference.

From what I read, it seems to be A, but I'm thinking, what's the point of this app showing my profile to these users if they are not within my preference anyway. I have set my preference for ethnicity and I know many other dating apps often disregard user's preference and I ended up getting a bunch of messages from people I'm not interested in. In discover, 2/10 suggested profiles are from a different ethnicity to my disappointment. I just hope that my profiles won't be shown to others who I'm not interested in dating."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Ghost / fake users chatting pattern I'm a premium user since November 2019 and would like to openly discuss a few similar chatting patterns encountered so far. 

End Nov, someone liked me and started the chat by exchanging nationality. He claims to be a Singaporean Chinese working in the UK and coming back next month. What's odd is that... he doesn't understand singlish (despite saying that he has a family in Singapore). The chat window was ending so he added me on Line. He also claimed that he has a house in marina sands, but he doesn't know the answer to ""Which MRT is that?"" By then, I am sure that this guy is super fake. He also nags for my whatsapp number. Additionally, his English is poorly written (how can someone who's working in the UK be that bad?)

Mid Jan, 46 years old claiming to be an Indonesian American and working in Singapore. When I told him that I'd prefer to meet in person, he said that he's traveling to US that night. Also asked for Whatsapp number. I concluded, this guy is another fake.

March, another person claiming to be a Singaporean who grow up in Australia but working in Hapag-Lloyd, Cambodia. No more lousy chit chat, I ask for a proof for a real being. No answer. CMB then adding a text saying that this user is flagged for possibly violating terms.

March, another person said interested but again, claiming to be in Singapore but left to Indonesia. 

I submit to you that there are just too many fake users with questionable intentions in CMB. They all have certain patterns:

1. Their English language usage is simple and sometimes terrible (you can also see from how they write their profile)
2. Fail to prove as a human being by saying ""I don't use Facebook"" or their account is hacked. If they ask for your Whatsapp number, don't give it until you verify everything. Use another chat app.
3. They're not present and avoiding meeting in person"
coffeemeetsbagel,"melbourne, australia - cmb missed connection what are the ways to best track down a missed connection from cmb?

was chatting with a guy from cmb, took the chat offline in early march, chatted for 3 weeks, then he disappeared completely mid conversation. his phone had been acting up for a while before (several times it happened) and there were other circumstances to believe it wasnt just a ghosting incident. it was on whatsapp and he hasnt logged onto whatsapp since - can still see timestamp. id deleted cmb in the meantime so cannot reconnect, and he hasnt shown up on cmb again even though i reinstalled.

his number has been 'unavailable' for a while - number still exists but just not available.

difficult bc he has social media and we werent connected anywhere else :((( any advice?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Confusing discover tab So yesterday i saw a girl on ""discover"" tab saying she likes me.  I didn't want to start a chat since i was so busy. Today i wanted to start the chat and she's now gone and can't find her anymore. She did not show up today's suggestions either. 

Does this mean i missed her for good?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Nothing has been fixed, all the chats still aint working ! After CMB said it's resolved, I have done the following:

Logout the app
Force stopped app
Clear app cache
Clear app data
Restart device
Open app 
Log back in

Guess what? Nothing was fixed. Still nothing shown in the chat page and I know I have around 30-40 matches. Chats notification pops up but still nothing to be found in chat page. I like back those profiles who liked me already in Discovery and nothing appears in chats too.

What is going on CMB"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Expired chat in one day? I just had a match earlier today and message her right away.  However, upon checking the message section it says that 'expired chat'. Does it mean that she already left the chat room?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporary Outage - Now Resolved Our temporary outage is now resolved. We apologize for the inconvenience.

If you require additional assistance, please email contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com. Thank you."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Everything lost in chats page. Yesterday I install CMB in my new phone and found out the loading time is significantly longer than usual, also all chats and matches are gone. This is frustrating as I am chatting quite frequently with some of my matches. 
At first I thought it's my phone's problem but now it's clearly something wrong with the app, when will this stuffs be fixed ?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What happens if you don't monitor your suggestions? Hi there, 

Been getting around 20 suggestions, daily, which is awesmoe and fun to kill some time during the day. I noticed that there's a countdown timer on top that would bring me a new list, the next day. What happens if I don't cover all my currently suggest list by the deadline? Will the app just wait until I do, or will it just stack a list on top of my current list? Cheers.

P.S. the chat system does get a bit glitchy at times as well. Might want to look into that."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Sending first message to matches I had my first match here today, and I just realized that the app does not really allow you to Chat or message your matches first. These features are locked for me. It seems the only way to unlock it is by paying. Basically, I am paralyzed and can't make a move. Suddenly, this app seems a little pointless if I can't even initiate engagement with people."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How much does a date actually cost? How much should I plan on investing in this process? I just joined yesterday, but this whole thing feels eerily similar to a micro-transactional game, like candycrush or something. Is it possible to prosper w/o over-spending? Do the free starter beans automatically refresh, or is that a 1 time deal?

Just trying to get some perspective."
coffeemeetsbagel,"All my chats including chat history disappeared after I reinstalled the app  All my chats including chat history disappeared after I reinstalled the app, what the hell?  I have used this app for years and have hundreds of chat history and 10s of open chat rooms, this app is a joke, the daily bugs are already insufferable, dont pay for premium membership or beans, what a joke app"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Extension question I (37m) was getting along good with this girl (33f) when she just stopped talking. I figured she ghosted me. Well tomorrow is when the deadline is up on our convo, but just now it popped up and said it has been extended by 3 days. Is this something it's doing automatic now or did she do it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Invited to Coffee Talk I got an invite asking me to participate in coffee talk, a video conferencing thing? Has anyone else participated in this? What is it like?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover section age gap Unless they like me, the suggestions from my discover section are always younger.  Women as young as 16 years younger and as old as 2 years younger though rarely.  Mostly I'd get suggestions 12-8 years younger than me. 

What typical age gap are your discovers?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Matches and chats not showing Is it me or this bug is new? My CMB won't show any new matches and conversation since recently. I receive notifications but when I open the app, nothing new is in the Chats page. Reinstall and still the same, and even my old chats are gone and bot showing. Anyone has the same problem?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Advice for someone recently divorced Hello - I used to be on this app before I met my ex-husband. I'm really nervous to get back into dating online now because I am divorced, and would love some insight from guys out there. Have you met girls in their late 20s/early 30s on this app that are divorced that you liked/had a successful date(s) with? Or are you a girl in that age range who has been successful on this app after having gotten divorced? Any insight is helpful. Thank you."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Did they paywall seeing who likes you? So I was off this app for a few months (met a woman on it, it went well until it didn't), but I remember last year if someone liked you, you could see it in the discover. Now it seems to cost money? Do they show up in my suggested at some point or do I have to guess with beans?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is it harder do get matches here? Been using CMB for 3 months now along with Bumble, Tinder, and OkCupid. Out of all the apps I'm using, this is the only one where I Have never gotten a single match. 

Is it really harder to get matches here compared to other apps? Do a lot of people even actively use it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"tried to apply for new accounts with different phone numbers, different photos, and different IP addresses how da heck do they still find out they're the same accounts?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Just wrote Customer Service So, I subscribed to CMB last week (have been a non-paying member for a while). As I just explained to customer service in an email, I have receive very few matches, no daily bagels and I've been ignored so far. I try to follow advice on how to make a good profile, but it doesn't seem to get me anywhere. I wish I had that money back that I gave them. :-("
coffeemeetsbagel,"Daily Bagels not showing up. Some months ago I have downloaded CMB again after a few years (not many users in my country \[Tinder is king\], living in Glasgow, Scotland now, though) after first trying it out. A few months ago (not sure when, didn't open it all that frequently) the Daily Bagels stopped showing up alltogether.

Is that how things eventually turn out, too few users in my area or perhaps a bug?

I am considering deleting my profile to see whether a new one would ""solve"" the problem or not. I only have one active match right now, and I have probably been ghosted. I say 'probably' because we're both busy people (took us like 6 weeks of exchanging almost daily messages before we found the time to meet for the first time) - she is on her final year at the university, assignment deadlines, Master thesis; she may have decided to cut out any distractions. Unlikely, I know.

Is it possible to match again with someone if I decide to delete my profile?

EDIT: What does the other person see when someone deletes their profile?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is There A Suggested Algorithm? I joined CMB two days ago and haven't been suggested anyone I like yet (I do have my preferences set). When I logged in the last two days, I was given 7 suggested guys that have all liked me already and sent me anywhere from 3-9 flowers to skip the line. It also said I had 99+ likes and there were 6 that already liked me in discovery. Is it just going to make its way down that entire line in order of who saw my profile first? And will the guys I get first just be the ones that are paying for more flowers..? I'm hoping there's at least some algorithm over time for it to give me people I'm interested in instead of literally giving me everyone in order of when they liked me :(..And if it is giving me everyone in order, is it worth it to pay to see the likes?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Suggested bagels decreasing over time? I joined CMB about 3-4 weeks ago, and initially I got about 20 suggested bagels a day. Over time that decreased to about 15, which I was still fine with. Today it was down to 7, which seems rather low. Full disclosure: I did set a religious preference (Christian), which I understand can limit me to some extent, but I didn't expect it to happen this fast, especially since I live in a major American city. Am I actually ""running out"" of compatible bagels after 3-4 weeks? Or is it something else that the algorithm is doing?"
coffeemeetsbagel,What is your top 10 interviews questions when you got connected? To both guys and gals. This would be useful to all of us :)
coffeemeetsbagel,"When you receive a Like, do you see their current profile or a snapshot of their profile from when they sent the like? Trying to figure out whether any changes I make to my profile affect likes I have sent out already."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile On Hold - Why Do I Still See People Who Liked Me in Discover? I put my profile on hold, but I still see up to 5 new people who have already liked me in my discover section each day. The number of bagels in my liked section hasn't changed since I switched to inactive.

Are these guys that have previously liked me before I went on hold or is CMB still showing my profile to people to like?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover = Good looking section? Hey CMB, would you mind explaining why you put all of the good looking people in the Discover section, instead of suggested? Are you using some AI to rate attractiveness and sort people, or do you hire people to to through profiles manually and categorize them?

Did you think people wouldn't catch on to this? I mean my goodness, at least you could be a little more subtle about it. Every day that I've used this app the suggested section shows women I'm not even remotely interested in. Yes, based on looks primarily.  And if you think that I'm going to spend a dime on 'beans' just to have the chance to heart the girls you've deemed worthy of the pretty section..

See I'm on board with giving users a certain amount of free likes each day, and then having to spend some money to like additional users. After all, I understand you have to find ways to make money. But to so blatantly place the desirable 'bagels' behind a paywall and have the suggested section be so unremarkable is disappointing.

Call me crazy, deny it, and assure me that 'CMB does not sort users in this fashion, all users are randomly categorized yada yada...' It's been too strong of a pattern for too long. You should be ashamed and it makes me want to delete the app."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How to stop CMB from modifying images? Every time I upload an image to CMB it adds a weird filter that makes me look discolored and sickly, like I have a bad case of the coronavirus. Does this happen for anyone else? Does anyone know how to get it to upload an image without modifying it?

I deleted my account and recreated it and not only is it still broken, but when I re-added my old images that used to be normal, they got uglified too."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Coffee Meets Timer - A thought.  Hi,

I'm working on building a new dating app with the intention of meeting people rather quickly once matching (48 hours). It is my experience that the longer things go without meeting the chances of ever meeting decrease by A LOT!

I really don't have time to waste or chat forever without meeting IRL! I'm sure you agree too.

So I'm building an MVP and basically the way it works is that to avoid getting stood up or chatting forever and never going on a date, I'm setting a timer where once you start chatting with your match you have 48 hours to set a date. MVP also suggests date locations to avoid those convos of ""Come over to my place, I don't have roommates"" (I'm not that easy, hun) and you can soft-track to venue so you \*know\* you're not about to get ghosted/stood up.

Matching will be based on location, mutual interests, and NO SWIPING! Oh yeah and the soft-track to venue just means each party will see the distance they're to the location. As a woman myself, I understand this is of great concern, so I'm thinking of adding a feature where you share your date details via SMS to like a friend or trusted contact.

**TL;DR You match, trigger a timer to set a date within 48 hours of starting chat, you set location with the help of app suggesting venues/themes, you soft-track to venue, enjoy your date!**

**thanks xx any feedback appreciated :)**"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why do people I match with on this app make chatting feel like a job interview? In contrast with women I match with on other dating apps, I feel like women on CMB scrutinize much more and ask boring questions.

The two most common offenders are:

“What are you looking for on this app?” 

“How long have you been using CMB?”

The answer to the first one is exceedingly obvious.

The second one is just not a nice question to ask. I don’t want to tell you about my dating history on this app, thank you."
coffeemeetsbagel,Talking to people really boring? Anyone else find CMB conversations really inane and repetitive? How many times are we going to talk about the shutdown or someone's generic profile? Nobody really opens up to say anything personal or interesting.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Blocking user can still see my profile? Had a question regarding blocking a user.

If I block a user can that person still view my profile? If yes, can they see updates I make on li profile as well??

Answers to these questions would be very helpful. Thank you!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is the subscription worth it? Musician guy here. For me I find CMB to be a pretty useful dating app. There seems to be more women here that are legitimately interested in starting a conversation and dating. Unlike most other dating apps that do nothing but send you waste of time scams or links to see them on camera. 

Although I find it successful, it takes quite a while to actually meet someone there since the majority that you like don't even respond. Even if you match, sometimes they'd remain completely silent. I only dated 2 women but none worked out for me. 

I was wondering, will getting the subscription help speed up the process of waiting compared to the free version. I saw it would charge me $100+ dollars for 6 months being $25 a month. Will I be charge the +100 right away or 25? I don't want my credit card to be charged above 100 for 6 months instantly as soon as I get it."
coffeemeetsbagel,Chat just ended without notice I was chatting with a lovely young lady who works in healthcare so you can imagine her time has been limited. Today I went to message her and the chat session has ended without any notification! I would have asked for her number if there was some notification prior. Usually you can extend the chat but I didn't see that option either. Is there anything I can do?!?!
coffeemeetsbagel,"Missing bio sections on person I matched with I noticed recently in the wake of Coronavirus that the girls that I’ve matched with have had their “I am / I like / I appreciate when my date” sections disappear from their bio. Other sections remain though such as height, ethnicity, religion, and education. If I were to take a gander, does this mean they’ve put their account on hold? It’s just strange to me that the user interface would take this passive aggressive approach to signify an account is on hold."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Talking to multiple people through text It's my first time trying out this app...and and totally new to all this. So far through it i've been talking to a few guys through text (cmb text messaging is buggy as heck)' 

Just wondering if you guys just focus on one if you're able to connnect with each other, or is it a normal thing for one to text multiple people at once and go on dates then only decide to focus on one person?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are you a lesbian/bisexual/pansexual/queer/sexual minority woman? Do you use dating apps to interact with other women?  We invite you to complete a brief research survey exploring how queer and sexual minority women are using dating apps. This research is led by the Everyday Stress and Health team at Western Washington University in Bellingham, WA. Our team includes Kendall Lawley, recent graduate of the Experimental Psychology master’s program and Barbara Lehman, Professor of Psychology and Experimental Psychology Program Director.

You are eligible to complete a brief (5-10 minute) survey if you:

· are 18 or older

· reside in the United States

· Identify as a woman, regardless of sex assigned at birth

· Identify with a sexual orientation other than heterosexual (e.g. lesbian/bisexual/pansexual/queer/etc)

· Currently use dating apps to interact with other sexual minority women

· would like to share your experiences about dating app use

Follow this [survey link ](https://wwu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eS8tX0MH0KC2B5b)([https://wwu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV\_eS8tX0MH0KC2B5b](https://wwu.az1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_eS8tX0MH0KC2B5b)) to learn more about this research and complete the survey.

This study has been reviewed and approved by the research ethics committee at Western Washington University."
coffeemeetsbagel,How to maintain chats during coronavirus quarantine? How do people (32F) successfuly do coffee meet bagel during the quarantine where everybody is social distancing? It may b weeks before there can be a real date? How do u keep it going until then? Tips?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chat system sucks so hard The replies I wrote does not show up, so I retype them and send.

We had some conversations and then bam! Next day all my replies I sent start showing up and it looks like I am an over eager person.

...aaaand silence.

It is almost as if they think real time chatting can be handled by a system akin to snailmail. 

Hinge way better in their chatting tech. 

Often times I just tell them to talk in some other messaging app.

Seriously it sucks. I cannot stand using it."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Photoshoot: To outdoors or not to outdoors Has anyone seen any credible sources showing whether a photoshoot is better to do indoors or outdoors and more importantly, why? 

While I know it depends on what I'm trying to communicate to the world, but other than for non-candidness/fake, what would cause either indoor/outdoor photos to fail? I've just seen that outdoor photos need to be in different locations."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Deleting Chat Room outcome If I delete a chat room, will this result in xxxx has left the chat room?


Cheers"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Guys, do you treat CMB like other apps? As a woman, I get a lot of likes from guys daily and match with the guys that I am interested in back (obviously). However, I noticed that most guys don't say anything, even if I chat first.

There was one profile that caught my eye as interesting and was eager to chat. However I didn't hear back despite him liking my profile first.

So I'm curious, do you guys just like every girl that comes your way and then filter after you match? I would think this practice is more common in ""swiping"" apps where it is more of a numbers game. Or do you guys actually think through who you like?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"No beans from premium subscription? I had subscribed for the premium on Android, which stated that I should get 6000 beans per month. My premium just renewed by itself about 37 minutes ago but I don't see any free beans; instead my beans amount still at 46. So wanna ask, is this 6k beans thing only for 1st month?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Temporary Partial Outage - Now Resolved Our outage has been resolved. If you are still experiencing any issues using the app, please email contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com for assistance. Thank you for your patience."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Missing prompts? I’ve been seeing a lot of profiles this week with empty prompts areas which I’ve been passing. But recently I was trying to look at an expired convos profile and noticed it had no prompts and then looked at a bunch of previous matches and most (but not all) didn’t show the prompts section any more or are missing questions I remember being answered . This seems like a glitch? I want to redownload the app to see if it fixed this, but will that delete all my conversations/matches? Anyone else experiencing this? Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Friend of a friend rejected me So....
I had liked someone on CMB a couple days ago.
I found out later that he was one of my friend’s friends. I didn’t realize this until after I sent a like...

It’s been a couple days and I never got matched with him so I’m now a little embarrassed.

Also his activity report ( iirc )showed that he had never chatted with another bagel.

Should I ask my friend why he rejected me or is that hella frickin’ weird?

I’m an overthinker so this is terrible 😭"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why bother matching I don't understand why some hit the like button and don't bother trying to talk or prefer the conversation to always be one way. I know it happen on all dating apps but cmb is just much worse for some reason(ego boost thing?)

One of my recent experience tick me off more as the girl decided she wanted to talk more off chat, and she seem interested since she was asking questions about me. But if I ask her the same questions back or try to get to know her more I get like a ? on why I'm asking.

A little rant I know, but just curious how's everyone experiences on this app been?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is lightroom on DSLR shots considered deceptive? I understand that one should not use photoshop or skin smoothening filters to maintain the authenticity of your profile pictures. However, is light room for calibrating the colour temperature, exposure, sharpness, contrast, etc. considered as deceptive?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"People who liked me showing up in Suggested tab instead of Likes you? I'm not really regularly checking CMB much these days (losing motivation), but twice in the past two days I was going through my Suggested Bagels and a profile would pop up with text that says ""She likes you"". I thought these used to go under the Likes You tab. Did it change recently? Does this mean that if I don't go through all my Suggested Bagels every day, I'm missing out on people liking me?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does CMB show the bagel that you paid to skip the line or paid to meet them from discover? I feel like that might make it more worthwhile, but if it does, nobody has ever paid any beans to meet me."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I reported a guy for being scary in person For some reason, I put it into my head that I could only report people for behavior they displayed while using the app. Then I read a post on one of the other subreddits which convinced me to at least investigate whether I could report somebody for offline behavior. 

Not quite a month ago, I went on a first date with a guy who seemed very smooth and suave in his communication. He did not seem terribly interested in asking me about myself but insisted that we meet up as soon as possible. I figured maybe he was shy. 

We agreed to meet at a coffee shop and sat down to talk. Almost immediately, he began telling me that he found it frustrating and confusing that women enjoy sitting in men’s laps and teasing them while expecting nothing to happen. Then he turned to me and said “Don’t you think it’s a bad idea to climb in bed naked with somebody and expect nothing to come from that?”

Thankfully we were in a public place and I did not fear for my personal safety, though he did make me uncomfortable. He was very intense and stared at me as I explained that I knew about consent and how that worked in the world. He disagreed with me at every turn, and seemed completely sure of himself in a glib way, as if to say “Little girl, you know nothing about the world you inhabit”. 

Did I happen to mention that I am 45 and that he had told me he was in his early 50s in his profile? The person who showed up appeared to be closer to 60 or 62, so close to the same age as my mom. I was so glad to get the hell out of there, but not before running into a friend before leaving the shop. I assumed I would never hear from him again. 

Finally, after three weeks, he messaged me to say that while I seemed great, he felt the chemistry between us was off. Perhaps we could be friends? *shudder* 

I figured why not put in a report and let CMB sort things out? At the very least, they determine that he’s fine and he goes on his merry way. At the most, perhaps I have saved another woman from a potential scary situation. You just cannot be too safe IMHO."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Questions on the algo So when you goto Discover, are all of the people there have “preferences” filters that fit your specs? As in...did your height, age, ethnicity, religion all pass their preferences filter? Am I safe to assume this?

Sorry if this is a dumb question. Please let me know if I need to make any clarification."
coffeemeetsbagel,Free trial offer? Has anyone tried the free trial offer?  im down to try it but i dont think i would pay for it after the trial ends. anyone know if i cancel the subscription before the free trial ends?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Re-Matched with my ex who I was still talking to untill a fee weeks ago So I met a nice guy on cmb three yrs ago we were pretty serious but we broke up last year. But we would still talk and see each other every now and then. We met 2wks before had a dinner, was nice and

I found him on CMB the next week(a friend of mine told &amp;showed me) He said his profile Being up there doesn’t mean anything and he doesn’t have the app but he actually liked my profile (I had to make an account to see if he was still there). So basically I think he lied about him only having the profile and not the app.

I am heartbroken and sad because I thought things were working out for us a little and I thought it was starting to sparkle again.

He took away my 29-32 and im 33 now and hopelessly single"
coffeemeetsbagel,I don’t like anyone on my discover page. How can I see a new batch of people? My suggested tab is stuck on one profile. I’m very new to this and none of my friends tried this app before. So maybe I don’t get it.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Chat not working I connected with someone on the app and things were going well, but now none of my messages are going through to her.  She's messaged me, but I can see that my messages aren't being read.  I'm not sure how to fix this problem and can't get her alternative contact info to continue."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I connected with someone who liked me on Discover, but it did not show up on my Chats 
Hi there. I've just liked someone who's liked me on Discover, but they did not show up in my.Coffee Meets Bagel chats. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app, but I he just completely disappeared.

Wondering if there's a way to rectify this...

Thank you!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Matched with someone I dated briefly Rematched with someone I dated briefly about 2 years ago on CMB. Wasn’t sure it was the same person (since all the photo changed) until after matching again on CMB. He liked me first. 
I messaged something that was one word. Like “John?” He replied with an emoji. I had my app notifications turned off so didn’t see his reply until about a day or two later. I then asked if he wanted to catch up. But haven’t heard back since. Should I try sending him a text? 
I’m only recently getting back into dating apps after taking a long break. not sure if the app is buggy (it was pretty buggy in 2017-2018) so I’m not sure if my msg didn’t send or if I should follow up. 
We dated very briefly. Maybe a month or 2? Things ended civilly. I was still hung up over my ex. He was still looking around for the right one. Etc. he broke it off with me, but we’d sometimes bumped into each other and would chat briefly (wasn’t bumping into him on purpose...we work/live in the same area. He’d be the one to call out to me)
From what I could tell, we liked each other enough, but was poor timing for me and he had other options. Now a lot has changed, and I would like to catch up even if it’s just as friends. But not sure if he just forgot me and matched with me by mistake LOL (I have all the same photos/info up and added only one new photo)

TL;DR - matched with someone I dated briefly 2 years who matched with me again. Sent message but not sure if msg was sent successfully since CMB seems kinda buggy? Should I text him? Totally fine if he’s not interested. I wouldn’t want to be a bother either, but also don’t want to miss the chance to catch up and see if there’s anything there."
coffeemeetsbagel,"One bagel disappeared after taking it, while another bagel stayed Hi!

I’m fairly new to this app, and was wondering if this ever happened to any of you. FYI, I reached out to customer service at CMB about this matter, but they have not answered.

A couple days ago, I saw a (male) bagel I really liked on Discover, so I was brave enough to take it. As soon as I “took” him, his profile dissipated into thin air. No chat room formed. Never to be seen on Discover tab again. So sad.

Just yesterday, I saw another bagel who I liked enough to “take” and also do a little experiment for curiosity’s sake -- I hit “like,” his profile got stamped “LIKED,” I got a chatroom where I guess I could initiate our conversation, and his profile is still floating in my Discover tab. We have not connected, and no conversation has started, but I don’t really mind that.

Both of them had not liked me, so I took em both first, but two very different results. Why? Another bug? A glitch? Or just a part of CMB algorithms?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Got her number met once now she never texts We were supposed to meet up last Sunday I’m always the one who texts first she told me her diabetes was acting up and she couldn’t meet up. And told me the other guys she talking to one who wants nudes and one who will only be friends but typical makes no effort to stay in contact with me I give up on all this CMB I never get any matches and when I did they never hold a conversation ever cmb is just as bad as any other app garbage women delusional and only want Prince Charming not satisfied with average guys ever!
coffeemeetsbagel,Is there an ELO system? I downloaded CMB a few weeks ago and it was great. I got a bunch of matches and likes in the first few days and I was excited to hop on every day and check out my feed. However since then I haven’t had a single match or like. I’m not sure if the first few days were a fluke or if there’s an ELO system in the backend that made my profile take a nosedive. Anyone have some tips or suggestions?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Logged out of my account, and can't log back in: Any help appreciated! Dear all,

for some reason, I've been logged out of my CMB account , and I can't log back in. 

Everything was fine yesterday, but when I tried logging in today, I was redirected to the main site, where you're required to login by entering either your FB-account-information or your phone number. Since the first option is closed for me, as I don't have a FB-account, I tried the second route. However, whenever I would receive a verification code via SMS and enter it into the app, I would get an error message and would be re-directed to the main site. 

Has anyone else had a similar experience? Is there anything I can do to solve this issue? I've already sent an email to the CMB help service, but I haven't yet received a reply from them.

Thank you,  
and all best wishes!"
coffeemeetsbagel,My account was mistakenly flagged Hi I have a CMB account however for some reason my account got mistakenly flagged. I messaged CMB through  contact@coffeemeetsbagel.com and they asked my to send a pic of me holding 3 fingers up which I did. However I got no proper response and they kept on emailing to send the pics many times in which I did many times. Nothing has been done since Friday and I've emailing them many times. I could not log in my account at all and I am disappointed because I am still on the premium trial. How do I get CMB to actually respond and resolve this problem.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile bio advice https://i.imgur.com/2Q0Cbhe.png

Still trying to get some pictures (Im not very photogenic)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Anyone looking to make a new friend or maybe even a date? Name: Brian

Age: 20

Gender: Male

Mood: Random

Sexuality: Straight

Status: Single

Medical Condition: Asperger Syndrome (Autistic)

Slightly

My Personality: People describe me as nice, kind, considerate, helpful, and funny, I am also a bit of an introvert

Things I Dislike: Rudeness, Chores, Loneliness, and my parents.

Some of my hobbies include: PC Gaming, building computers and DIY Projects.

Why I’m here: To make new friends who accept me for who I am and not what they want me to be.

PS: I can be a bit shy at times when I first meet people. I'm not really a good conversation starter. Also I don't like people judging me and getting nervous about why I want what im about to say. The thing that i want is a girl that would let me touch her hair but when I ask and if its ok with them ill do it but thats what im super nervous about is people thinking im a creap when i touch girls hair. I also want someone I can hangout a lot with.

Fun Fact: Im autistic partially and ive created a working Game Maker Studio 2D platformer Space Shooter game with a story in under 6 months. This was a group project of 3 people but my partners blew me off and I had to do the whole project myself. It was cool I learned alot from programming a game. I just wish i had some help with it. But I did get the best score out of all the other projects.

I have an essay about the positive aspect of my past life experience just ask and ill share the link with you.

I also have the negative aspect of my past life experience just ask and ill share the link with you.

If you want to get to know me please ping or DM me.

What im looking is for a friend or maybe a date someone 18 and up idk but someone who has similar traits to mine and is very open minded and respectful. No smokers/drug users i will stop talking to you immediately if i see you do that."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Hey! How do you actually view read status in Android? Yes, I'm a subscriber."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile advice It's been over 2 months and I haven't received a single like. I think, a possibly maybe my bio is the issue.

What do you guys think? ([https://imgur.com/a/93YiyDJ](https://imgur.com/a/93YiyDJ)) 

For just the reddit post I blurred some of my pics and some of the text."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Clicking ""Not now"" After Matches I noticed this for more than 10 matches where I clicked ""not now"" instead of ""start chatting"". I can't find the chat, I know for sure in some cases the other party msg me back because I see their replies in notifications, just can't find the chat.

Does anyone know if ""not now"" is bugged?

Edit: Found the solution, uninstall and reinstall. All the missing chats were shown."
coffeemeetsbagel,"No response after initial conversation started, is this normal? So I get a notification that someone liked me so I liked them back and the conversation started. I saw the prompt from CMB saying I should talk about a certain topic since it was something my match liked. I made a comment and didn't get a response until the next day, to which I responded back to about 10 minutes later. It's been almost 2 days and the last message I sent shows it's been read but no response yet. Is this normal? I feel like it's a weird situation because this person liked me first and she literally just sent one message response and never said anything after.

Also, before this happened. I had another match which I sent a message to and never got a response and it was never read for over 3 days.

I kinda feel like the app is buggy and not sending the message right away but was curious to know if anyone else has a similar experience."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Success rate of starting conversation in thread that’s about to expire I’m wondering what has been your experience of  starting the conversation close the the expiration time (7 days after you’ve matched). I’ve tried it a few times and the girl never responds. Because I’ve contacted them so late, do they think I’m doing this out of desperation? Like they think I’ve failed to connect with anyone earlier in the week and I’m using her as a backup."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Deleting Chats Deletes on Both Ends or No? If I delete an expired chat (or even a non-expired chat), does the chat also disappear in the other person's account (like on Bumble)?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Is a suggestion expiring the same as pressing reject? Or does it plan to just resuggest them after a period of time?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Active status after putting account on hold Hello, I have a VIP account for CMB and I noticed I am able to see if someone is active within 72 hours on their profile as one of the features.

I was wondering if I put my account on hold, will I be shown as active within 72 hours for my existing matches as long as I open the app within 72 hours. Or will I be shown as inactive now that I’ve put my account on hold?

Thanks for taking the time to answer my question!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Filters not working While using the advanced filters on discover, I tend to use the ""active within 72 hours"". even with this filter on profiles that have not been active within the last three days still show up"
coffeemeetsbagel,"List of overused things written on girl’s bios This is a list of things that I see over and over while reading girl’s bios on CMB, which I personally do not think adds any value. Instead, girls should try to put more unique things that make them stand out.

1) “INFJ/ENTJ/...” - listing your Meyer Brigg’s rating. I know what the test is but I don’t have all these acronyms memorized, so I don’t know what they mean. I’d rather see for myself how your personality pans out to be, not how you see yourself. 
2) “Shy at first, but warms up after getting to know you” - this is obvious. Everyone is shy about seeing a stranger. If you didn’t warm up after the first date, I can see that with my own eyes and not ask you out again.
3) “Foodie” - everyone likes to eat. Most dates are lunch or dinner. Don’t need to describe basic evolutionary desires.
4) “Dog lover / don’t date me if my dog doesn’t like you” - I’m trying to date you, not your dog. How can you put a human at a lower priority than an animal? 
5) Photo with sunglasses - you’re either hiding wrinkles because of your age or just you have ugly eyes. It shows deceit. 
6) Photo in that alleyway in front of the famous New York bridge - your shot is always horrible. There’s always a crowd of tourists behind you. And I don’t know what’s so great about that bridge. 
7) Group photo - 9/10 times your friend is hotter than you. Don’t make yourself look worse with the comparison."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Number temporarily blocked Hello, my number was seemingly temporarily blocked for no apparent reason. Is anyone else having this issue? I just paid a 6 month subscription only several days ago. This happened when I landed from a flight and turned my phone back on. Initially I was receiving the verification codes (even though they weren't working) and eventually the app said my number was temporarily blocked."
coffeemeetsbagel,"I’ve put my account on hold after noon and after seeing my suggested bagels. Does that mean I disappear from the selection? I just saw my ex on it as a suggested bagel, so I quickly deactivated my account hoping that he didn’t see me on it.  He hasn’t like me also"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB just changed its layout again? Bagels names removed, profile displays changed So apparently CMB has changed its layout again. The new layout doesn’t show the names of bagels. Profiles  are displayed differently, kinda similar to the older version?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Will I lose the girls I liked if I change the location? For example if I go to a vacation for a week in another country and I change the location in order to meet local girls. Will I lose the girls I liked from my country? 



Also I have one more question - I made a profile yesterday and in my Suggested tab only one girl appeared and that was it for the entire day and today there is nobody suggested... I've read that we (guys) get up to 21 girls a day... What could be the problem in my case? 
Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can I Change My Initial Preferences? Is there a way to change the initial preferences that you set up for the alogithm, in which you determine what you are looking for (casual, serious, marriage, or whatever they were)?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What happens when you block someone? What do people see when you block them?

(Tried searching for answers already but they vary, some say they just disappear from list, some say it says XYZ has left the chat)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can only like one person in the suggested section per day? Hi guys I am new to CMB and not really sure how this app works.

While I was trying to upload my profile picture the app keeps crashing so I am guessing there might be some issue with my phone. 

Now that I finally created an account successfully I am trying to use it, but soon after I liked a person in the suggested session, it just stuck there and would not show me another person. Because of what I experience when I was creating an account, I am not sure is it there is a problem with the app or is this the normal situation? 

Thank you for your help!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Nothing appears in the tab with the timer, and the profiles in discover have been the same for a week. Even with no criteria, or with some. Is the app completely dead like OkCupid or?

Thanks"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Free Review from a Dating Consultant I'm a dating consultant, and I'm happy to give a short, personalized review free-of-charge to anyone interested. My business got started on Reddit, so I do this every few months to show my gratitude. A few days before Valentines day seemed like perfect timing :)

Just send me a DM if you'd like my help. I'll respond to as many ppl as time allows. Gotta help each other out ;)

Edit: I had a great time going over your profiles! I got significantly more responses than I anticipated, and I'm still working through them. If you've already sent me a DM, I promise to get back to you as soon as I can. Unfortunately, I'm not able to accept any new free reviews- but I wish you all the best :)

Cheers,

Chloe"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How long does it take for someone to see that I liked the person. Basically I was scrolling thru browse. And I came accross someone whom shared the same interest as me which is very very rare, I have very weird interest. Well at least from my demographics.
All this years, I have yet to come across someone that shared the same Interest. For real.
I didn't have enough beans so I had to buy some to like the person.
How long does it take for the person to see.
And is there a way to know if the person didn't like back ?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Premium Promotions I recently got a pop up of a promotion for the premium subscription on CMB. However, at that point of time, I did not sign up for it.

I tried looking for the promotion again afterwards but could not find it. Are there any requirements/methods to get the promotion to appear or are they totally random?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Match Doesn't Appear Under Chats? I matched with someone via Suggested, and it asked if I wanted to start chatting. I selected Not Now as I wanted to finish going through all the Suggested first... but now when I go to Chats, the matched profile isn't there. 

Using Android, the app is up to date. 

Has this happened to anyone else?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"1000 swipes over 18 months: Experience as an Asian 26M About me: 

\- 26 yo Asian male

\- Live in a large city in the West with a sizeable Asian community

\- Would rate my looks as 6/10, height is 5'11

\- Attended a prestigious university, am now a professional with a 6 figure salary

\- Profile &amp; photos vetted by several female friends and edited in response to their feedback, they were very pleased with the end result. 

\- Swipe yes on every girl who's Asian, around my age (my preferences), and I have some modicum of interest in (I'm not picky)

The ""funnel"" over the last 18 months

\- 1,000 swipes

\- 19 matches

\- 6 first dates

\- 3 second dates

\- 1 relationship

\- 1 breakup

Some observations

\- It's a bit scary that 98% of girls I'm interested in aren't interested in me back

\- Given my lack of attractiveness, there's no way I'd have plucked up the courage to ask out 1,000 girls IRL which means I'd probably be single for life without online dating

\- My female friends all report getting absolutely spammed - i.e. 5+ guys asking them out on a date at any one time. They usually disable their profile to make it stop. 

\- My male friends report similar experiences to mine. 

\- Silver lining is I've been dating my most recent match for almost 3 months and it's been going well. 

What have your experiences been like?"
coffeemeetsbagel,70+ flowers Just received over 70 flowers. Ive always received around 1-3. Does giving more jump you to the front of the line?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unresponsive matches I receive a ""like"" from a woman.  I check out her profile, and if I'm interested, I ""like"" her back.  I also send a message, making a comment about something funny in her profile and ask a question or two.  What ends up happening is for 24 hours I don't receive a response.  I check the chat a few times during the 24 hours, and notice sometime during this time, the woman reads the message, but never responds.  This has happened to me a few times already.

I'm curious, does CMB's algorithm force ""likes"" between people without the person's knowledge, or is it simply the person is an attention seeker and time waster?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Account being flagged Hi,

I am currently using coffee meets bagel app. I matched with a guy and we had a conversation on the app and exchange for phone number. We start chatting on whatsapp for around two weeks.   


Then when I go back to our chats, his profile has been flagged for possibly violating terms. He made an excuse that it may happen because he has permanently deleted the app.  


In this case, I am a bit worry of meeting a scammer, does it really happen to a user's account if he has deleted the app account?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Forced match? Some something interesting happened today. I recall stumbling upon a profile of a girl that was really memorable, and unfortunately, I didn't send her a like because it's not something I was looking for. This was like a day or two ago. However, CMB said we matched, when I clearly know that I didn't swipe on her. Did this happen to anyone else?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Sending likes to possibly free account? How does it work? Just curious if a person that has subscribed/paid member sends likes (along with a message) to someone that maybe a free member, would the recipient be able to see the like?  Or is there a limit the person will receive?

And if there is a limit, are the likes queued or are the extras discarded after next cycle?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does Coffee Meets Bagel shadowban or withold messages and matches from you? I'm using Hinge and Coffee Meets Bagel. Both are exactly the same in which you can message and like a set number of people they show you per day and if they like you back then you can continue talking. You also have section that you fill out that talk about who you are. I'm using the ""SAME"" exact profile on Hinge that I have on Coffee Meets Bagel. Everything is the same from the text to the pictures. On Hinge I've gotten at least 40 matches in the last month and most of the time the people reply more then once. On Coffee Meets Bagel ever since I joined on January 7th I've gotten 5 matches in which all 5 never replied after matching. They just let the chat expire. Also I've been logging on every single day since joining going through all 24 Matches and liking and messaging at least 10+ a day. I don't get what could be going on? Why does my profile on Hinge work, but not on Coffee Meets Bagel? The user base overlaps too because I've seen a couple of profiles on Coffee Meets Bagel that we also on Hinge.

I did have a profile on Coffee Meets Bagel in the past that I thought I deleted and started new, but one of the support people mention that the profile I have now that I thought was new was actually linked to an older profile by the phone number or facebook. I know some dating apps don't let you delete and recreate a profile too many times and penalize you by witholding messages and matches or shadow banning you. I get the feeling that Coffee Meets Bagel might be doing this and support is lying to me that my profile is fine and working. Like I said I had profiles on Coffee Meets Bagel that I deleted before."
coffeemeetsbagel,"""Someone says you're their type"" email but no one in my liked tab? It's not the first time it happens. I received this email telling me this but my liked tab is still empty. Is there something I'm missing? I'm a guy by the way."
coffeemeetsbagel,"One month and absolutely zero success This is ridiculous. On Tinder and Bumble I get no success. I thought this app would be a bit more classy, and even on here girls just don’t wanna match with me. I don’t know what I’m doing wrong when I see guys who have mediocre pics getting matches while I try my hardest every day to match with even average girls. 

I matched with one girl on here, and it was someone I knew. Just shows how damn unsuccesssful I am, and I’m not even that ugly…"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Not getting suggested people I started using CMB recently, and for the first two days all worked well.  I checked my phone around noon and got to see who I was suggested.  But recently I've been getting shown no-one, this morning I checked the app at 6:30am and the count down said 5:30hrs left, I then checked at around 12:30 and the timer was at 23:5hrs but there was no one in my suggested.  Is the app not working or was there no one to be suggested for me?  I've only been shown about 4 people total and I doubt that's everyone nearby."
coffeemeetsbagel,"After 2 years of use, STILL: missing messages, unwanted notifications, faulty loading screen I use CMB on Android, Galaxy S8+. I'm dismayed to find that 2 years after I started using it the bugs I first encountered haven't been addressed at all. **Therefore, I have come here to rant about it, in the hope that someone at CMB actually gives a crap about their user experience.** 

&amp;#x200B;

1. MISSING CHAT MESSAGES IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. How do you mess up the most crucial part of a dating app and just ignore it for years? Multiple times I have sent an outgoing message that simply does not show up in my chat window, and I have no idea whether the other person received it and it's just missing on my end. How do I know if I'm about to send two messages about the same thing and she got both? Embarrassing. 
EVEN WORSE, a match will send me a message, and though I'll get a notification and see the preview of the message in my notifications bar, when I open the app to read the message isn't there! I'm left confused as to whether I got a message or not - until hours or even days later when the message finally shows up, and it looks to my match like I've just ignored her. Even more embarrassing. 
These happened in many memorable instances years ago when I first started using the app... it also happened this week with a new match, in both directions. I absolutely do not trust CMB to facilitate communication.  

2. STUCK ON LOADING SCREEN EVERY APP OPEN. I mean this happens EVERY SINGLE TIME I open the app, whether its been properly closed before or just switching back. The blue loading screen with the logo in white will stay open and showing even though nothing is loading, until I hit my phone's 'back' button, whereupon it immediately leaves the loading screen. It doesn't break essential functionality like problem 1 does, but holy hell is it annoying, and it really speaks to the quality of your dev team.

3. UNWANTED **CONSTANT** PUSH NOTIFICATIONS. You give 3 options for granular notifications control in Settings. I have only one selected, 'Chats'. So why am I getting **literally 5-10 notifications per da**y that have nothing to do with receiving new chat messages? I really dont want multiple reminders that I should send each person I match with another message, or to break the ice, or that it's f\*\*\*g 'Watermelon Day' or whatever pathetic attention grabbing message CMB marketing is trying out. It has the opposite of the intended effect - now I just ignore my CMB notifications, and I'm about to disable them altogether, meaning I won't know if I actually got a new chat message until I manually check. 

&amp;#x200B;

Guys, you guys have a solid matching model and userbase, it's why I'm using your service. But as a fellow programmer please believe me when I tell you that these issues alone make your app by far the WORST from a design/dev perspective out of all the competitors, and I'm about to uninstall in frustration."
coffeemeetsbagel,"if i block/report someone, can the other persone know? i know,he's little crazy. i met him once and he know my contacts info. so i'm little scary to report if he knows what i did"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Coffee Meets Bagel IOS Users: Apple iTunes Store Outage As of 6:30 AM PST, Coffee Meets Bagel's iOS users are unable to purchase items from the Bean Shop.  Also, Coffee Meets Bagel IOS subscribers might not see their bean grant if their subscription auto-renewed in the last 24 hours.   Please be aware the issue is related to the Apple iTunes Store being unable to process purchases. Follow updates from Apple here [https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/](https://www.apple.com/support/systemstatus/) 

We are hoping once the Apple Store is back, purchasing can resume as normal. 

**TLDR**: Apple Store is down; thus iPhone users can't buy stuff at CMB."
coffeemeetsbagel,Error login in I just recently signed up for coffee meet bagel again but I cannot even login. I was fine a few hours ago now my account I need verification. The thing is I verified with my phone number last time and then all my matches disappeared and I tried to login in with my previous number didn't work error login in. My new account today with Facebook says error login in I have to verify again. I am worried all my matches will disappear like last time. Does anyone else have this problem? I emailed them not sure what to do. The verify step they told me to hold three fingers in picture which I have done last time. I don't understand why I am having so much issues.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Don't get it Signed up just over a week ago.

I get to ""like"" one person per day.

More if I pay for beans.

Seems very restrictive. Maybe not enough people in my area?

On Bumble I can like or pass on over 20 people per day."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does CMB attempt to guess who you’ll like? So I’ve always had the following issue with this app: if I allow ‘east asian’ in my filter, it shows me 95% or so asians. Each day I’ll get 1-2 profiles that aren’t asian. I’m having a hard time believing this is actually the demographic of single women. I’m an asian man in the San Francisco bay area. 

Is it attempting to racially profile me and guess that I’m more likely to like other asians?  Or is that the demographic of women who accept asian men within their filters?"
coffeemeetsbagel,[help] what does the flower with number mean? I used skipped the line to match with a girl. Then on her profile there is a flower with a number in the middle. What does it mean?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Lots of matches at the start, none since When I joined for the first month I was maybe getting 4-5 matches a week. Now that the New Year has turned the matches have dried up completely. Only 4 matches and it’s been almost 3 weeks.

My profile is the exact same. The only explanation for this is I used to be getting seen by more girls and then now I’m not? Did I benefit from some type of “newbie” boost?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is the app glitching or have I been blocked? Couple days ago, I matched with someone and sent them a really lame first message (no energy, no punctuation). Now I want to message them again, so I type out an apology and press send, but it doesn't send through. That is, it doesn't show up in the chat. Does it mean I've been blocked by the person? Or is the app glitching?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can't see messages on app Anyone else have an issue where you get a notification someone matched and messaged you but then when you click the notification nothing is there?

Any ideas on how to fix this? 

Thought maybe the person deleted the thread but then I got another notification today to hurry and message prior to expiration.

I am using a galaxy 7 phone."
coffeemeetsbagel,"First date asking about cmb history What's your move when your date starts asking about your cmb history on the first date (past dates, number of past dates, ethnicity, etc.) Has happened to me a few times but most recently last week. 

Maybe it's just me but it's weird when people ask this sfuff? There are so many other things we can/did talk about and I can feel the awkwardness when I have to be like ""oh I actually went on a cmb date last week."" Do I just lie? I don't usually ask her back the same question since I believe that's her business. 

I get it's OLD, but if I asked a random girl out IRL I doubt we'd talk about past dates with other people during our first date."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Discover = Visually attractive people Hate to be superficial, but am I right to assume that:

Discover = Visually attractive people that are mostly bots  
Suggested = What is actually on your level (mostly real profiles)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Phone Number Temporarily Blocked I signed up for CMB a few days ago. Everything was going smooth until today. I was able to sign in with my cell phone number to respond to a message. I signed out for awhile. I attempted to sign in again with my cell phone number and got notified that I was temporarily blocked.  I sent an email to the customer service department. There’s no response from customer service and I’m still waiting for a resolution. What makes it worse is that I told a match that I would message him once I came home from dinner. Since I can’t sign in, this makes me look bad to him. Please help!!!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Did the profile page change? I logged on recently and the profile pages are now using square pictures and you have to swipe through pictures instead of the previous style where you scroll up and down to see all the pictures. 


Did the profile format change?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What does the ‘Likes You’ tab mean for a guy? I’ve recently started trying out this platform, first time ever so I’m still unsure about how these work. That tab never has anything so far, I am assuming it’s not the tab where you see your mutual likes, is it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"A week on CMB now, only 3 matches - 23M Sydney Bit of background - I'm open to dating now that I have a steady stream of income and a lot more self confidence.

&amp;#x200B;

I'm asian, 6 foot tall, about 160 pounds (72kg) with good fashion sense and a pretty good education. I'm also relatively good looking.

&amp;#x200B;

I've swiped maybe 120\~ girls now and I've only gotten 3 matches, 2 of whom I am talking with. One of them wanted to meet up but I ended up deciding against it as to not waste her time.

&amp;#x200B;

Isn't 3 in a week way too low - especially since the asian population density in Sydney is pretty high (think UCLA etc)?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Social media exchange? Hi, how many dates in, or how much time would you go before giving him/her your social media accounts? 

And in case of an ""it depends"" response, what metric would give you the warm and fuzzy to exchange?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"I just joined today, and the app gave me a suggested match. However, I can’t interact with the profile in any way, is this normal? The like, reply, and pass buttons are all greyed out and don’t work. Do I have to wait until my match sees my profile or something to do anything with it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can I use my Google Voice phone number to make my CMB account? When I enter my Google Voice phone number, I keep getting a “Please enter a valid phone number” message."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How accurate are Last Activity for Premium? Just wondering, last active within 72hrs, is it bugged like many other things on this app?"
coffeemeetsbagel,99+ likes and I just started today? Anyone else experience this? Is this accurate? I’m a female.
coffeemeetsbagel,"Why am I suddenly getting all non-active profiles? I have premium. For the past week or so, almost all of the profiles in my Suggested are not active in the last 72 hours. And I also only 1 or 2 bagels to swipe on per day, when I used to get 21. I understand that I may have swiped on all the girls in my area that fit my preferences, but even back a few months ago, I would get at least 3 or 4 bagels in Suggested and they would actually be active. That's just not the case anymore What the hell is going on now? After I do my daily swipes I go onto Discover, put in the same filters as I have on Suggested, and get a ton of profiles that match my preferences and are also active. WHY WERE THEY NOT PUT IN MY SUGGESTED?? This app is so terrible. After this month I'm gonna cancel my premium and pay for premium in Hinge. Fuck this shit."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Picture Filter I have been using the cmb app for about 1 month and had decent matches and meetup. Not sure if it's just me but it's kinda frustrating to see alot of pictures taken with beauty app from users. I will think if most girls on here are looking for serious relationship the beauty app will not be used, and they want to present themselves as who they are.

So I guess my question is why the sudden high usage of it?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Honest thoughts on/ from guys with shirtless pics? 24 year old female looking to start a discussion!

On dating apps it's pretty typical for guys to post their shirtless pics to show off their bodies.

For guys, what motivates you to post them? And what are your objectives on CMB (serious relationship, casual dating, strictly hookups, seeing where things go, etc.)?

No judgement, you want what you want, right? 😆

For girls, what are your thoughts when you see a guy with a shirtless pic on his profile? Are you more likely to like them or to swipe left?

Me, personally, I feel like you probably are looking for hookups if you do this (excluding things like beach pics or something). I usually think this more so if you have multiple shirtless pictures and hardly any bio...so then I swipe left lol. Honestly, I typically swipe left if you barely have a bio 😅😅😅 But sometimes I wonder if you're posting them to compete with other people that do 🤔🤔🤔

Thoughts?"
coffeemeetsbagel,What is the gender ratio of CMB? I'm in Southern California if it matters. There was an article in 2016 from CMB releasing stats that says it's gender ratio is actually 60% females and 40% males. That is amazing! (for guys lol). Is that still true today or are the gender ratios a lot different compared to back then?
coffeemeetsbagel,How do you get the 1 week free trial of premium? I think I've seen someone say there's a 1 week free trial or premium. I don't see that option anywhere on the app. Is it only for either Iphone or Android type of thing?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Misleading Pop Up I was scrolling in the app the other day and I got a pop up notification for a 1 week trial for the premium facilities.
I agreed to the trial and gave my face ID the green light.

Couple days later (still within the “trial” period), they charged my card $48 SGD for it.

Anyone gone through this before? Absolutely disheartening to see apps do this nowadays.

(CASE CLOSED)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profiles without much on them... Is that common? :( [Question from a girl] Hi! :D I just joined CMB yesterday. I filled out my profile with pretty detailed descriptions (\~2-4 lengthy sentences per prompt), although not SUPER detailed because I'd rather save some things to come up later on. But anyway, I ended up swiping left on all my bagels today because 5/6 of them had like 5 words or less per prompt or didn't even bother answering. I felt pretty bad about it because I do want to give people a chance, and I appreciate that they all took interest in me, but I also only want to give out likes if I feel like I can relate to them, you know?

Can any girls/ guys relate? Or do you mostly look at pictures and go from there.. and then should I do the same? 

(If you were curious) For the last guy, I didn't really have much in common with him, but I appreciated the effort he put into his profile! I did not want to waste his time, and he even mentioned that people shouldn't bother trying if they don't have a connection, which I resonate with :)

Btw, I'm 24yrs old and female 😊"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Does premium have any noticeable impact? I don't have a problem paying for dating services as I've done so in the past. While subscribing for those other services has changed the dynamics, it's never seen any noticeable difference in conversations or dates. I've been on CMB for over six months, and in my area I find CMB's premium to be rather expensive and not really offer much. I'd rather that go towards real, fun dates.

Have you found premium to have meaningfully changed your dating experiences? Is there something I'm missing?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Locked likes Hi All,

It seems at least for me that the app wants me to purchase a subscription to view my likes. Has this happened to anyone else? I may need to close out my account since they seem to make it more difficult to use this app as a free one."
coffeemeetsbagel,My number is temporarily blocked on cmb I deleted and remade my account multiple times because I wasn’t sure about joining. Now my number is temporarily blocked from making a new account. How do I get it unblocked?
coffeemeetsbagel,Your top daily likes? Is anyone else getting “your top daily likes” in the “likes you” tab? Why aren’t these matches going into my daily “suggested” tab? The matches match my preferences
coffeemeetsbagel,"Starting a dating profile - seeking input Hi all,

I (Asian 31M) started a CMB profile few months ago without much success (2 matches in 1 month, both times the other person stopped responding after two or three messages)

Anyways, I want to restart my account and get more serious about finding a potential partner this year. Without any prior experience with online dating aside from that one month dabbling around,  I would like to get some inputs from the more experienced folks here.

Any suggestions are welcome

Thanks!

Edit - thanks everyone for the feedback!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Seeing duplicates profiles on suggested I happened to see the same profile twice in one day. I rejected the profile the first time I saw it, saw a different profile, then the rejected profile shows up again. 

Felt like I lost a bagel."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are any girls on here that don’t want a long term relationship I know I should be on Tinder or Bumble if I don’t want a relationship, but I’m doing sooo much better on CMB than both combined. I get 3 matches everyday and they always reply back. Compared to Tinder I’ll get just 3 matches a week, and they might not respond. 

I honestly just want either friends with benefits or a one night stand. But it seems like girls on here are usually Christian and will only fuck once in a relationship."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Xmas 2019 unlimited take promotion It’s possible to see the “2019 Xmas unlimited likes” promotion pop up ? I paid for it but ended 2019 dec 31st. Prove that it’s for the account, not until 2019. To read the fine print again."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Same people from last year I took a break from CMB and came back just to see who was on there.

I only view Asian women on the app. About 1/3 of the Asian women on there now, are the same women from when I was on last time. I'm in the Boston area.

There are definitely CMB residents who've been on the app for much longer than a year.

When I was swiping through the bagels, I was really surprised at how many I recognized, and how many I had matched with and chatted with before.

I'm definitely getting off the app soon, since I've swiped through the same profiles numerous times already in the past.

And there aren't many new members on there.

It would be interesting if they did documentary on CMB one day on this phenomenon."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Hey guys, I’d appreciate someone to rate my CMB pics Hey guys, I’m quite new to OLD so I thought I’d get some feedback on some pics I want to use.

I haven’t quite gotten to writing my bio yet but I know that it’s the pics that really make or break it.

https://imgur.com/a/ztqwUvK

Please don’t hold back - I appreciate all feedback"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Help me with my profile Obviously, not having success. Don't think I've got a single hit.

https://imgur.com/a/ZMhnaQq"
coffeemeetsbagel,Never got a single hit out of this I've been on this for several months and I've got nothing. Is it appropriate to post my profile and get some help?
coffeemeetsbagel,"No response I reactivated the app after 2y this week. Been matched to 7 people so far (I liked them back so it means they have liked my profile within last few days). I sent a few msg to all of them but no response from anyone them so far except one that only said: thank you in reply to how r u (so im assuming he was not interested even to say anything to start the conversation!
Its very weird that they dont reply back when they liked my profile first?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Can't verify the code I've been using the app for the past 3 months, and it's been predictably buggy most of the time but I could live with that (the approach to dating is still better than the competition). For the past 2 days I haven't been able to login as it says that the SMS code couldn't be verified. I tried clearing cache and data, re-installing the app, logging in both on wifi and cellular connections, asking a shaman for guidance. The app and the Android versions are all up-to-date."
coffeemeetsbagel,"My experience after 10 days Me: \[31M\], Asian, 6' 1"" /  185cm, very average looking, but otherwise in great shape and have a great career, though I'm not sure how you'd get much sense of the last via the basic profile fields. Live in the bay area, specifically south bay.

So far:

22 matches

15 first messages sent (14 by me, 1 by a match!)

12 responses

10 ""real"" conversations

3 dates planned so far, though I suspect all of the conversations could lead to dates

1 conversation I had given up on; we exchanged 2-3 messages each after matching and nothing otherwise until she suddenly gave me her number right before the chat expired. I'm not sure what to make of this.

The age of my matches range from 25-32, although the vast majority fall between 28-30.

In hindsight, using the app around Christmas was probably not the best idea as most people are busy and traveling, myself included.

For more context, I haven't used dating apps in over 2 years (recently ended a relationship), so this is pretty overwhelming. I get the feeling my experience is unusual, which seems so odd to me because I'm just your average Asian engineer. I'm really curious how others juggle this many matches, especially from the female side of things as I assume women usually have significantly more matches. I actually feel pretty bad in general. Something about carrying on so many conversations at once and potentially setting up so many dates doesn't sit well with me, especially as I've been growing more familiar with everyone I've chatted with. But I understand online dating is very much a game of numbers, and I'm at the stage in my life where I want to find someone who I can most see myself with for the rest of my life."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Question about unlimited takes in discover I paid $25 for the unlimited takes. In the discover tab, when you change filter preferences it refreshes all the bagels, so I’m wondering if I can I take a bunch of bagels, change my filters to refresh the bagels and then take some more from the new list. Will this let me potentially take more bagels than the daily amount, or will only the last set of bagels count?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"About activity report Hello! I saw the man who not active within 72hr but why “chats with bagels”, “send first message “,”usually replies within” are not equal zero?
If activity report is update every 72 hr, not active within 72 hour, the other value should be zero, shouldn’t they?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What's today's ""gift""? Saw the notification but clicked it and once the app opened there wasn't any info. Yesterday it was free unlimited takes from 5-6pm. What's it today?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Not receiving or sending messages? I was chatting with 2 of my matches last week. For some reason both of them abruptly stopped replying mid conversation on the same day. Felt really unusual when the conversations were going perfectly fine. 
Matched with a couple of girls again after that and messaged them first but I haven't received a reply from them either.
How can I confirm if this is a bug or not? I have mailed customer support about this too."
coffeemeetsbagel,Failed to login by phone using SMS and temporarily locked I attempted to login several times by sms verification but i got stuck at home page after input of verification code!! My account is now locked and I have waited for more than 6 hrs for ur reply already!!
coffeemeetsbagel,"How do preferences work for both parties? For example, assume I am 160cm and set my date preference to be 160 cm or less. 

The person on the side other is 155 cm but has their date preference to be 170 cm or more. 

Will I get this person as a suggestion? In other words, are suggested people picked so that both people's preferences are enforced (i.e. I won't get this person as a suggestion then since I don't meet that person's preferences)?"
coffeemeetsbagel,What does the lightning bolt icon stand for? Anyone knows? Was liked by some ladies first and this appeared - but not all ladies who liked my profile have the lightning bolt icon
coffeemeetsbagel,Inactivity/activity If i stay logged in on app but dont open it everyday......  how many days can pass before they stop showing my acct to other people using the app?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is there a Boost to be Seen More on This Site? Hey, I am new with CoffeeMeetsBagel app user and I was wonder if I can use beans to boost my appearance when women looking at my profile similar to OkCupid and Tinder's boosting their profile appearance."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Beware of Military Scams I just caught a scammer on CMB. He told me he was in the army deployed in West Africa. When he texted me this I immediately had a feeling that he was a scammer since I have experienced this many times before on CMB. I told him that I didn’t have positive experiences with military men to see how he would respond. He asked me why and I told him that they lie about who they are and won’t verify themselves. Then I mentioned “for all I know they could be a Nigerian scammer”. Soon after I sent that text that profile immediately unmatched me. I then immediately reported his profile as fake. 

Be careful with OLD, especially if that person tells you they are in the military deployed in a foreign country. I wish CMB would do a better job at verifying people so people won’t have to experience so many scammers on this site."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Going inactive ? I know this is the epitome of first world problem, but I’m getting too many matches. Have two questions:

 If I put my account on hold, will the people I’ve already liked still get me as an option for their daily or discover?

If I don’t put account on hold and ignore my daily and discover queues, will they disappear ? Or do they stay in your queue until you’ve either liked or dislikes?"
coffeemeetsbagel,Tech help I mis-swipped on a woman i meant to message.  Now i cant find her.   Is there a way to reset app or anything like that so she shows back up?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Profile critique please Can’t get a match to save my life. :(


https://imgur.com/a/LiO8zoo

Edit: took the incredible advice below. here's my new bio

I am...

An Anthropology and Psychology nerd. An aficionado of numbers. A pupil of living in the moment. Dangerously armed with sarcasm. A dabbler of comic books. A connoisseur of bubble teas. A filthy lover of naptime.

I like...

Crossing the street before it turns green, eating dessert first and tanning without sunscreen

I appreciate when my date...

Lights up over the little things and lets her excitement shine when talking about her passions. Also, sleeping on the left side of the bed is a plus."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unmatch vs delete Hi all,

Just wondering, what’s the difference between unmatch and delete? And if I block a person, can he still view our conversation or everything will disappear for him?

Many thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"One month chatting every day and two dates. Does it look positive? I have met someone in CMB and we had been chatting every day for roughly a month (first 5 days the app and then he asked for my Whatsapp). Then we had two dates in two weeks, both on Sundays. The first time we spent about 12 hours together in a museum and had two meals together.  I also noticed that since the first week, he hasn't logged in his CMB account. So do all this mean there's a possibility? I do like him quite a lot.

Here’s an update about what happened later: we had a third date having dinner and watching a film after a long working day. Because I told him that I need to leave town for Christmas break. And he just got back from a business trip so he need to catch up with work during the weekends. It was a pleasant date, dinner was delicious and movie exciting.  Then we kept chatting or talking on WhatsApp every day. Then one day I texted him that I will miss him when I went away, his response was a bit confusing: he texted that fortunately it’s a shot break and added a upside down emoji. was not sure what does the upside down smiley emoji meant😔 and it kind of bothered me. Am I reading too much into this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Liking someone who wasn't a ""suggested bagel"" and having to pay for it? Hi all,

Earlier this year, a friend recommended Coffee Meets Bagel to me, and I thought I would give it a try.

I found it quite disappointing.  
None of the 'suggested bagels' the app gave me daily interested me, so I often liked guys who were in the ""discover"" section (or whatever it's called, I forget now). I would frequently run out of ""coffee beans"" before they got refilled, and I was constantly finding ways to get more beans, but sometimes I still did not have enough.

One day, I noticed a guy who was outside of my suggested bagels who I was really, REALLY interested in based on his bio, his basic information including education, age, etc, and his appearance. I also happen to have a rather unusual...preference, shall we say, and he happened to be someone who could accommodate that based on his bio. Here's the thing, though. I did not have enough coffee beans to like him, so I had to buy them.  
I was very upset that I had to pay for said ""beans"". Even though it was not a lot of money, it was still money that I--spoiler alert--ended up losing. You guys, I could have bought an \*actual\* coffee with this money, but no, it went to waste.  
I feel strongly that it is unacceptable for a dating app to charge money to like someone if you don't have enough 'beans'. I have tried a handful of other dating apps and while they do have features you do have to pay for, this is the only app I have ever used that required me to pay for liking someone, and I ended up losing the money.

Have any of you had a similar experience? What are your thoughts?

TL; DR I had to pay in order to like someone who wasn't a suggested bagel and I found this immensely frustrating."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Messages aren't getting through It's the second time in the past week that I had a match confirm with me that she sent a message but I didn't receive the message. Now I'm wondering how many of those matches actually ignored me and how many of them just never had their messages delivered to me. 

Has anyone else experienced this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Looking for old chats? Hi! I’m a coffee meets bagel Alum who recently got engaged to my fiancé who I met on CMB three years ago (yay!) I was wondering if anyone knows if it’s possible to retrieve our convo from when we first met on the app, even if I deactivated my account? I think it would be fun to incorporate at our wedding or on our wedding site. Has this topic come up before/anyone know if it’s possible? I tried searching but I didn’t seen anything. Thanks in advance!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Reopening chats- does your match know If you extend a chat and don't send a message, does your match know? Do you pop up in their active chats again on the top? 

Also can you extend chats more than once if 30 days go by and the chat dies again?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Query regarding activity reports for recently activated account. If I placed my account on hold, then reactivated it, would my ""Chats with Bagels"" and ""sends the first message"" activity only apply to the recently activated period on my account? Or is it a cumulative figure that disregards the ""on hold"" period?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Should I reopen an expired chat? So I matched with a guy on CMB and out of everyone I’ve matched with, I actually really did enjoy talking to him and I thought it was similar for him too. We talked every day for week, before during and after our working hours, and even at like 2am before the chat expired at noon. But he never asked for my number or offered his and that’s what confused me a lot. He did mention a couple of times that messages weren’t sending/receiving through and how difficult it was to chat on CMB, which I think may have been hints before? Anyway, I reckon I’m reading too much into it, and honestly if he was interested, he would have asked. But still, I was wondering if anyone else can shed their experiences on this all and whether it’s even worth reopening and asking him? I don’t think I’ll do that, but it’s just weird and man online dating is hard."
coffeemeetsbagel,Re-Matched I was recently rematched with a guy that I had previously matched with a few months back. We didn't click so nothing happened but he appeared on my feed again yesterday....anyone else experience this before?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unapproved account Okay so I’ve seen a couple posts about this already but haven’t seen any follow ups with this problem. I recently received an email saying that they need to verify my identity by sending them a photo of myself. I’ve followed the steps and done so, but I’ve seen a few comments from users that they never heard back from them. For those that had the same problem, what was the support team’s response rate? Was the problem ever solved? What happens to my account in the meantime since I’m still getting notifications?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Getting beans through friend invites I invited some friends to the app and they joined.

But they I didn't get any beans! 

I even tried making a new account from an invite but that didn't work either.

Is there something you need to do to get the reward ?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"CMB Discover Issues The discover is trash. I've repeatedly had to go into the filters even though I KNOW I made the age range very specific because it keeps pushing the age range to no preference (at least 4 times). Sorry, not interested in guys 20 years older than me!! 

&amp;#x200B;

I was honestly considering the paying option because I don't want this artificial queue when there might be someone down the line, but I need to swipe past the people that aren't even in my preferences. Is this a way to force that onto people? Because I'm kinda ready to ditch this thing altogether if that's the case."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Anyone experiences the same problem? I was texting with my bagel today, but I found that there are some issues with the timing of the message. 

Sometimes my respond message shows earlier times than my bagel’s original message, so it makes me not sure whether my message was sent or not. 

Anyone can solve this issue?"
coffeemeetsbagel,I’m new to this app Do I have to pay to see my likes!?? This is why I like hinge. Ugh
coffeemeetsbagel,"Date Purposely Doesn't Respond Despite Being Interested Just thought I'd share this story because I found it kinda funny/ridiculous.   


Awhile ago, I got matched with this guy who sent me 3 flowers through the app, so it got pushed to the front of my queue. Because of that, it did manage to get my attention, and he seemed like a charming guy from his profile and photos, so we ended up exchanging info to carry out conversation via text. 

I actually texted him first, but as a disclaimer, I told him I'm not the greatest texter because of work and when I get home, a lot of times I just leave my phone in my purse to work on YouTube projects on my computer. Video editing has been a passion project for me lately so I just don't wait by my phone that much. But still! I become a lot better when I am actively texting with someone because of CMB.  


But after that first text, he sends me a text the next day like 'ok cool.' I thought it was so bizarre that I found a worst texter than me. I respond pretty quickly to that (only like an hour and legitly because I didn't see it until then), but then it's like another day before he responds.    


We were finally trying to schedule a meetup but when I asked him the details, he took another half day to respond. I responded pretty much right after that because I knew he must be near his phone at that point. Then it's morning of the supposed date when he finally responds, and at that point, I'm just irritated because I can't be expected to shift everything that day (Saturday) to accommodate his last-minuteness. I suggest the next day, Sunday anytime, and I figure if he can't work with that, I don't think I'd want to be with him anyway since he doesn't seem to value my time / schedule.  


We finally meet up and it was alright, but then I tell him it's really bizarre how he has probably a worse texting habit than I do. Then he says that he actually has his phone next to him all the time. He just responds like that because I said my responses would be like that.   


LOL WTF.   


First off, I actually responded to him quite quickly. I think the most it took me to respond was like two hours and when we were trying to figure out the date details, it was like 10 minutes. He took 6 hours, 8 hrs, etc. to respond to me.  

Second of all - I always respond when I see the message. I just wanted to say upfront when I get busy, don't get freaked if I don't respond right away. I knew some guys who did and took it as a sign I wasn't interested. I just honestly get really busy!!  


Needless to say, I left that date with no intention in following up with him despite him wanting to. I guess I have to respect that he was honest telling me he is always on his phone, but I do not respect the fact that he was interested but didn't text until very calculated blocks of time passed. You might call me the asshole for not  being the greatest texter first, but that's a flaw I'm working on. I'd never purposely ignore someone like this just to make sure I don't respond too quickly \*eyeroll\* (in the middle of trying to work out the details of the date too, like why??)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"What’s the deal with flowers? I get that they push you up in someone’s list of “suggested” people, but why do you chose a “bouquet” or number of flowers to give? Is there any cost to giving more flowers than less? Do you get pushed further to the front if you send the more flowers?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Likes in discover WAY out of my preferences Does anyone know whether there’s a way to stop this from happening? Really the only “preference” I care about in this regard is age.

I just find it a little off putting to get messages from 48 year old men when I’m a 26 year old woman like “I really liked your profile and pics. [...] I hope to hear from you” like uhhh there’s a reason my range is set to 23-32...

I realize the discover section is supposed to show you people “outside your preferences” but it seems like with both age and distance it should have a limit- like maybe one notch up with distance and +/- 5 years of your set range with age.

Along with that, it feels like people outside of that shouldn’t be able to see you and like you- why have them waste their time if you’re not going to be interested?"
coffeemeetsbagel,When does matches see profile updates? I updated a prompt in my profile last night and a current match asked about something regarding the deleted portion. Do they need to log out and log back in to see the update?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Are guys in Pittsburgh getting any matches on Coffee Meets Bagel? I have been getting decent matches on Tinder and Match - tried CMB since all of my friends (women) in metros (Houston, NY) said that was their app of choice. Have seen and liked a lot of women with impressive profiles (esp. w.r.t education, job etc.) I like the user interface too. Just haven't gotten a single useful match ever on this app. Couple of matches I have gotten do not seem responsive at all.   


I am wondering if its my profile or is the app not that popular/actively used in Pittsburgh. Either ways, guys in Pittsburgh, if you are getting a ton of matches in CMB or women in Pittsburgh, if you guys are actively using the app, I need to fix my profile so let me know :) :)"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Is it creepy that a match has found me (23f) on LinkedIn? What I wrote on my cmb profile is very general, you wouldn’t be able to tell what my job is exactly. I only just matched with this guy and the second thing he said to me was something really specific about my job. I said that’s really creepy, how did he know. He was like hahaha LinkedIn? I opened LinkedIn and I can see that he viewed my profile. 

Am I weird that I find it really creepy?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Importance of Job title? I have a very good job which I had as my job title, and got a bunch of likes each day. Later I changed it to something a bit more vague, thinking I may have been getting likes based on that, and noticed my likes drop down to 0-1/day for a while.

Recently I put the original job title back and saw my likes jump up to 10-15/day, all from people whom I have nothing in common with.

Could this just be all in my head? Or is it possible I'm getting likes largely by the job?

Not sure whether to remove it and stick with the few but genuine people, or go for the large numbers who may be liking the job and not the person?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"A or B? Ladies, what is your opinion on receiving a list of date options when you are asked on a second, fourth, fifth, etc date? 

An example scenario:

Date 1: Given 2 options, kept simple for scoping purposes. Let's skip discussion on this one, because presumably, I want to get to know this person better. 

Date 2: Given 2 options: A) Go out dancing (Teach her stuff before going out), B) Go running together; Both active endeavors

Date 3: 4 Options: A) Jazz bar + slow dancing, B) Coffee shop with games, C) Dance class, D) Park + active games

Date 4: 5 Options: A) Dance social, B) Take interesting dance class together, C) Food truck festival, D) Park + Active games, E) Rock climbing

Please comment on the upper limit for when we get into analysis paralysis while trying to balance your busy schedule. 

In hindsight, I realize a lot of these include dance and moving around, which seemed to have clicked in the beginning. These came together based on mutual schedules, but generally, the list grew. Also, please keep the following in mind: 

• In an uncertain world, optionality is the path to outperforming the average over the long term and pursuing antifragility (i.e. my interpretation is Optionality = Overall good).

• A wise dance teacher once told me: Don't make her choose. 

Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,Discover - messaging before matching Can we message someone on Discover before we are matched? I think I've got a couple messages before on Discover from guys before we were matched. Is it possible for females to do the same for a guy?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Help! I was talking to a guy through CMB, the conversation was going well (I think). Then he asked to go for a drink, but it was already 1am and i was about to sleep anyway, so i turned it down.  I think he was okay with it coz we continued the conversation the next day, he suggested to get dinner after he comes back from a trip.  We eventually exchanged number and continue the conversation there. But the conversation didnt go very far coz both of us have work and busy, we exchanged text perhaps with 10 times a day, and he hasnt replied to my text since yesterday...  Have i missed the opportunity 😂😂😂"
coffeemeetsbagel,"New To Dating Apps! If a girl doesn't fill out the ""I appreciate when my date..."" section, does it mean she's only on there for friends? I've met up with her once and we've been talking about a range of things through text. However, I just suggested getting dinner again - and really can't tell if this is just hanging out or if this is a date??? I dont even know how to bring it up and ask without it being award.

&amp;#x200B;

HALP."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Unable to Access CMB I got an email from Support that they couldn't verify my account. This is like 3 months of me using it, so it's pretty random. So I sent them my photo as they requested. The problem persists, Support has been uncommunicative, and I haven't been able to login for 5 days now. Has anyone else experienced this?"
coffeemeetsbagel,How to get Discover Filters to stick? I’d like to keep the filters I selected and can’t seem to figure out how to do it...or is this not the way Discover Filters is supposed to behave?
coffeemeetsbagel,"Feedback on CMB and dating platforms in general. Perhaps venting so please disregard if you do not find useful.

Two things specifically I do not like about CMB as a male:

1) Women seem to be the primary customers of the platform itself, while men are the product - height, ethnicity, and profession are recommended/required data points (social capital) but there's no requirement for bust-waist-hip measurements or current weight or body fat ratios (sexual capital). While the dominance of  photos infers all this information, there's no requirement that the photos be current, structured to showcase body physical features (i.e. 360 degree full-body), nor is there any sortability of physical data aside from height (in this respect at least OKC was honest enough to include an attempt at ""attractiveness/hotness"" in their premium offerings). While both social and sexual capital are important, in my experience the majority genders view the priority of each differently.

2) The ""likes you"" tab is aimed at women and is evidence of the economic incentive structure - My understanding is that men receive a large pool of generic/calculated suggestions while women only see suggestions that have already ""liked"" first and in a far lower quantity, with a significant portion overflowing into the ""Discover"" tab. If that's the case then the only majority gender to benefit from this tab functionality will be women.

One overarching big major takeaway from the whole idea of dating platforms in general:

By FAR the biggest take-away from this kind of software design to me is how poorly this Silicon Valley-style ""innovation"" compares with the actual social concept of dating itself.  The issues many people (of any gender) see (and of which many articles have been written) seem to point to an overarching theme against this so-called innovation in favor of a return to at least an acknowledgement that technology should not be thought of as a natural solution to all of life's problems."
coffeemeetsbagel,"How common is this? Matched with a bagel I was pretty interested in.

She responded on day 1, 3 and 5 (or something like that), but sent a bunch of msges each time, seemed interested in me and it was going well. I asked for her number near the end but she may not have even checked the app, and it expired.

This has happened a few times, and from the girls I've spoken to (and been on dates with) they have notifications off and barely ever check the app.

Does this happen to anyone else? Seemingly have a good connection, but the bagel just doesn't respond enough until it's over?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"How recent are likes in Discover? Hi, I’m fairly new to CMB so I need a little help! A guy liked me in the Discover section recently. Is there any way to tell how recent the “like” is? Is it a couple days, weeks, or months ago? I have seen that sometimes likes are backlogged, so just want some clarity. Thanks for your help!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"Likes in Discover I forgot to start a conversation with a guy that liked me in Discover (as I was busy at the time), when I remembered and went back into the app the next day he was gone and a new set of people appeared. 

Will I come across this guy again or have I lost my chance? Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,"The Likes You tab How does it work? I mean aside from paying money to see who likes you. It says 1 person liked me according to the number on that tab but inside that, I see four blurry profiles. Did I get 4 likes or 1 like? Is the sub even worth getting? Thanks!"
coffeemeetsbagel,This app sucks. I’ve seen several people in my “discover” tab that I’d love to “like” but I’m out of beans and the beans are expensive. I even have the premium subscription.
coffeemeetsbagel,"No responses? Alright, so I joined like four days ago. I got matched with nine guys. Wrote all of them via the chat function. No replies. Any advice? Thanks in advance.

I also live in the San Gabriel Valley area of Los Angeles County. So if anyone here is lucky enough to be close to me, just shoot me a PM. We can probably work something out.

EDIT: Finally started getting some responses! NVM."
coffeemeetsbagel,"Matched but doesn’t chat? The last five matches I’ve had, I sent a personal message but never heard anything back. It’s very weird because on Hinge I almost always get a response. Is CMB just broken?"
coffeemeetsbagel,"So I just joined and I don’t know what I’m doing. So I just got CMB. I have a few questions:

When does your beans regenerate?

Why do they only show you stuff around noon everyday?

Is the monthly subscription worth it?

I’m a 27M."
